<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Hip (Coxal) Bone: Lateral View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Hip (Coxal) Bone: Lateral View">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Hip (Coxal) Bone: Lateral View</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Hip (Coxal) Bone: Lateral View" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Hip (Coxal) Bone: Lateral View</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The hip bone consists of three bones: the ilium, ischium,
				and pubis. Before puberty, these bones are joined by cartilage, but
				they begin to fuse by midadolescence and are completely fused in
				adulthood. All three fused bones contribute to the <b>acetabulum</b>, the
				cup-like cavity for articulation of the head of the femur.<br /><br />
				The fused hip bone articulates with the femur (thigh bone) and
				with the vertebral column (spine). Specifically, the ilium articulates
				with the sacrum in a plane synovial joint that allows for little
				movement, in contrast to the shoulder joint, and provides great
				stability. This stability is important for standing, walking, and running
				on two legs (bipedalism).<br /><br />
				The weight of the body is transferred from the vertebral column
				through the sacroiliac joints to the pelvic girdle and then via the hip
				joint to the femurs.<br /><br />
				The acetabulum forms a C-shaped articular area that is lined with
				hyaline cartilage. The cartilage has a labrum, or lip, of fibrocartilage
				around its edge that deepens the hip socket.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b>  Bruising over the iliac crest, often from an athletic injury or direct trauma, is commonly referred to as a <b>hip pointer</b>.</p></div>
			    <p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Skeletal System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>