<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Scapulohumeral Dissection</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Scapulohumeral Dissection">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Scapulohumeral Dissection</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Scapulohumeral Dissection" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Scapulohumeral Dissection</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b> The <b>subscapularis</b> rises from the medial 
				two-thirds of the subscapular fossa and from the lower two-thirds of 
				the lateral border of the scapula.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> The fibers converge in a tendon that is inserted 
				into the lesser tubercle of the humerus and the anterior portion of 
				the shoulder joint capsule.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> As a rotator cuff muscle, the subscapularis helps stabilize the 
				shoulder joint and prevents anterior displacement of the humerus. It 
				also medially rotates and adducts the humerus (arm) at the shoulder.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation: </b>Upper and lower subscapular nerves (C5 and C6).<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The tendon of the muscle is separated from the neck of
				the scapula by the subscapular bursa.<br /><br />
				Along with the supraspinatus, infraspinatus, and teres minor
				muscles, the subscapularis is the fourth muscle of the rotator cuff
				group (called the &#x201c;SITS&#x201d; muscles).<br /><br />
				The subscapularis and serratus anterior muscles together form a
				functional (physiological) articulation of the shoulder called the
				<b>scapulothoracic joint</b>. The joint is between the muscles, the
				scapula, and the loose connective tissue trapped between these
				two muscles, which permits a gliding movement of the scapula on
				the chest wall. Scapular movements at this joint include elevation,
				depression, protraction, retraction, and rotation.
			</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"> <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> Weakness of the subscapularis alone is difficult to isolate,
				as it is one of the four rotator cuff muscles (SITS muscles) that
				stabilize the shoulder joint.</p>
				</div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>