<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Ligaments and Tendons of Ankle: Medial View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Ligaments and Tendons of Ankle: Medial View">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Ligaments and Tendons of Ankle: Medial View</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Ligaments and Tendons of Ankle: Medial View" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Ligaments and Tendons of Ankle: Medial View</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
		<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>  
		<p class="textfl">The <b>ankle (talocrural) joint</b> is a hinge-type (ginglymus) uniaxial synovial joint between the tibia and fibula and the trochlea of
		
				the talus. This joint permits dorsiflexion (extension) and plantarflexion.
				Its thin, fibrous capsule is reinforced by the medial (deltoid) ligament,
				which has four parts, and the lateral collateral ligament, which has
				three parts.
			</p>
			<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>
			<p class="text">
				The medial (deltoid) ligament has four parts and limits eversion of the
				foot. This ligament helps maintain the medial long arch of the foot,
				whereas the plantar calcaneonavicular (spring) ligament provides
				strong plantar support for the head of the talus (which maintains the
				<b>arch of the foot</b>).</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>
				<p class="textfl"> Many <b>ankle injuries</b> are caused by twisting, so that the talus rotates in a frontal plane and impinges on either the lateral or
				medial malleolus. This movement causes a fracture of the
				malleolus and places tension on the supporting ligaments of the
				opposite side. 
				Most <b>ankle sprains</b> involve an inversion injury, placing stress on the components of the lateral collateral ligament. Usually this injury first involves the anterior talofibular ligament, then the calcaneofibular ligament, and if severe, the posterior talofibular ligament.</p></div>
			    <p class="textfl">
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Skeletal System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>