<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Infrahyoid and Suprahyoid Muscles</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Infrahyoid and Suprahyoid Muscles">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Infrahyoid and Suprahyoid Muscles</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Infrahyoid and Suprahyoid Muscles" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Infrahyoid and Suprahyoid Muscles</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
								<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin:</b> The <b>omohyoid muscle</b> consists of an inferior and a superior 
				belly. The inferior belly arises from the superior border of the scapula, 
				near the suprascapular notch and passes to the intermediate tendon. 
				The superior belly begins at the intermediate tendon and passes 
				vertically.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion:</b> The superior belly passes vertically and inserts into the 
				lower border of the hyoid bone. The inferior belly of the muscle inserts 
				into the intermediate tendon deep to the sternocleidomastoid muscle.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Omohyoid muscle depresses the hyoid bone after the bone 
				has been elevated. It also retracts and steadies the hyoid bone.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> C1, C2, and C3 by a branch of the ansa cervicalis.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The omohyoid acts with the other infrahyoid muscles to
				depress the larynx and hyoid bone after these structures have been
				elevated during swallowing, speaking, or mastication (chewing).<br /><br />
				The omohyoid is an unusual &#x201c;strap&#x201d; muscle because it arises from
				the scapula in the shoulder region.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The infrahyoid, or &#x201c;strap,&#x201d; muscles are surrounded by an
				investing layer of cervical fascia that binds the neck muscles in a
				tight fascial sleeve. <b>Swelling</b> within this confined space can be
				painful and potentially damaging to adjacent structures.
				Immediately deep to this investing fascia is a &#x201c;pretracheal space&#x201d;
				anterior to the trachea and thyroid gland, which can provide a
				vertical conduit for the <b>spread of infections</b>.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Head and Neck</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>