<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Autonomic Nerves in Head</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Autonomic Nerves in Head">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Autonomic Nerves in Head</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Autonomic Nerves in Head" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
		<div class="modalbg openModal">
		  <div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle"> Autonomic Nerves in Head</h2>			
			<hr />
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> This schematic shows the four parasympathetic ganglia in
				the head. The <b>ciliary ganglion</b> receives preganglionic parasympathetic
				fibers from the oculomotor nerve. The <b>otic ganglion</b> receives
				preganglionic parasympathetic fibers that arise in the glossopharyngeal
				nerve. The <b>pterygopalatine</b> and <b>submandibular ganglia</b>
				receive preganglionic parasympathetics that originate in the facial
				nerve.<br /><br />
				Preganglionic sympathetic fibers arise from the upper thoracic spinal
				cord levels. They ascend the sympathetic trunk to synapse on
				postganglionic neurons in the <b>superior cervical ganglion</b>.
				Postganglionic sympathetic fibers travel on blood vessels or adjacent
				nerves (deep petrosal nerve) to reach their targets. These sympathetic
				postganglionic fibers are largely vasomotor in function.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> A unilateral lesion anywhere along the pathway of the preganglionic sympathetic axons, from the upper thoracic spinal cord levels (T1-T4) to the superior cervical ganglion (where they synapse), or beyond this ganglion (postganglionic axons), can result in ipsilateral <b>Horner&#x2019;s syndrome</b>. Its cardinal ipsilateral features are <b>miosis</b> (constricted pupil), slight <b>ptosis</b> (drooping of the eyelid due to loss of the superior tarsal muscle), <b>anhidrosis</b> (loss of sweat gland function), and <b>flushing</b> of the face (unopposed vasodilation).</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Head and Neck</b> / Nervous System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
			<div title="Close" role="button" tabindex="0" aria-label="close commentary dialog" class="close"><span aria-hidden="true">X</span></div>
			</div>
	 </div>
	</div>
</div>
</body>

</html>