<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Muscles of Forearm</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Muscles of Forearm">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Muscles of Forearm</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Muscles of Forearm" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Muscles of Forearm</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal): Supinator muscle</b> arises from the lateral 
			epicondyle of the humerus, the radial collateral ligament of the elbow 
			joint, the anular ligament of the proximal radioulnar joint, the 
			supinator fossa, and the crest of the ulna.<br /><br />
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Inserts into the lateral, posterior, and anterior 
			surfaces of the proximal third of the radius.<br /><br />
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> The supinator rotates the radius to supinate the forearm and 
			hand. Supination occurs whether the forearm is flexed or extended.<br /><br />
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Deep branch of the radial nerve (C7&#x2010;C8).<br /><br />
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment:</b> The most powerful supinator of the forearm is the biceps <b>brachii</b> muscle, which acts primarily when the forearm is flexed. In contrast, the supinator muscle can supinate a forearm that is flexed or extended.<br /><br />The posterior interosseous artery passes through the supinator, serving as its major blood supply.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph"><p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The deep branch of the radial nerve (the radial nerve&#x2019;s motor component) can become compressed as it passes through the supinator, leading to a <b>posterior compartment neuropathy</b>, resulting in weakened extension of the wrist and fingers. The supinator is tested clinically by having the patient supinate the extended forearm against resistance.</p></div>
			<p>
			<span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>