<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Muscles of Arm: Posterior View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Muscles of Arm: Posterior View">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Muscles of Arm: Posterior View</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Muscles of Arm: Posterior View" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Muscles of Arm: Posterior View</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin (proximal)</h3>


				 <p class="textfl">The <b>long head of the triceps</b> arises from the 
				infraglenoid tubercle of the scapula. The <b>lateral head</b> arises from the 
				posterior surface of the humerus. The <b>medial head</b> (deep to the long 
				and lateral heads) arises from the posterior surface of the humerus 
				inferior to the radial groove.</p>

				<p class="text">The <b>anconeus</b> arises from the posterior surface of the lateral 
				epicondyle of the humerus.</p>


				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion (distal)</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">All three heads of the triceps insert by a common 
				tendon into the posterior portion of the proximal olecranon of the 
				ulna. A band of fibers continues distally on the lateral side over the 
				anconeus to blend with the deep fascia of the forearm. The anconeus inserts into the lateral aspect of the olecranon and into 
				the upper dorsal surface of the body of the ulna.</p>



				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3>

				<p class="textfl">The anconeus muscle and all three heads of the triceps extend the forearm at the elbow. The anconeus also abducts the ulna during pronation. The long head of the triceps, arising from the scapula, also can extend the humerus (arm) at the shoulder joint and adduct the arm.</p>


				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3>

				<p class="textfl">The triceps and anconeus are supplied by the radial nerve (C6-C8).</p>



				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>

				<p class="textfl">The medial head of the triceps is the functional counterpart of the chief flexor of the elbow, the brachialis. The medial head is misnamed; it really lies deep, not medial. The triceps receives its blood supply from the deep brachial artery.</p>	



			     <div class="commentParagraph">
                 <p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>

                 <p class="textfl">Tapping the triceps tendon elicits the <b>triceps reflex,</b> testing spinal cord segments C6–C8. This deep tendon reflex tests the afferent and efferent innervation of the muscle, and normal muscle fiber function.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>