<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Parathyroid and Thyroid Glands: Posterior View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Parathyroid and Thyroid Glands: Posterior View">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Parathyroid and Thyroid Glands: Posterior View</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Parathyroid and Thyroid Glands: Posterior View" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Parathyroid and Thyroid Glands: Posterior View</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>
				<p class="textfl">Because of their embryonic development, the <b>parathyroid
				glands</b>, especially the inferior pair, may vary in location.
				Although most people have four parathyroid glands, it is not
				uncommon to have more than four, with some variability in location.</p>
				<p class="text">During neck surgery, it is important to note the location of the
				recurrent laryngeal nerves. Both recurrent nerves typically ascend in
				the tracheoesophageal groove and are in close relationship to the
				right and left lobes of the thyroid gland. The right recurrent laryngeal
				nerve loops around the right subclavian artery, whereas the left
				recurrent laryngeal nerve loops around the arch of the aorta.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>
				<p  class="textfl" id="nomargin">The most common type of <b>hyperthyroidism</b> in patients
				younger than 40 years old is <b>Graves&#x2019; disease</b>. The excess release of thyroid hormone upregulates tissue metabolism and leads to symptoms indicating increased metabolism (excitability, flushing, warm skin, increased heart rate, shortness of breath, tremor, exophthalmos, myxedema, goiter).</p>
				<p class="text">Primary <b>hyperparathyroidism</b> leads to the secretion of excess parathyroid hormone, which increases plasma calcium levels at the expense of calcium deposition in the bones (weakens the bones).
				Normally, about 99% of the body&#x2019;s calcium is stored in bone.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Head and Neck</b> / Nervous System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>