<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Extrinsic Muscles of Back: Intermediate Layers</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Extrinsic Muscles of Back: Intermediate Layers">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Extrinsic Muscles of Back: Intermediate Layers</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Extrinsic Muscles of Back: Intermediate Layers" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Extrinsic Muscles of Back: Intermediate Layers</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin</h3> 

					<p class="textfl">The <b>serratus posterior superior muscle</b> attaches to the lower extent of the ligamentum nuchae and the spinous processes of the C7-T3 vertebrae. The <b>serratus posterior inferior muscle</b> attaches to the spinous processes of the T11&#x2010;L2 vertebrae and their supraspinous ligaments.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion</h3> 

					<p class="textfl">Four fleshy digitations attach the serratus posterior superior to the 2nd to 5th ribs just lateral to their angles. The serratus posterior inferior divides into four flat digitations that insert into the inferior borders of the last four ribs just lateral to their angles.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3> 

					<p class="textfl">The serratus posterior superior elevates the ribs, whereas the serratus posterior inferior pulls the ribs outward and downward, counteracting the inward pull of the diaphragm.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3> 

					<p class="textfl">The serratus posterior superior is innervated by the anterior rami of the T1&#x2010;T4 spinal nerves. The serratus posterior inferior is supplied by the anterior rami of the T9&#x2010;T12 spinal nerves.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3> 

					<p class="textfl">These two muscles have attachments to the ribs, are considered muscles of the thoracic wall (can be grouped with extrinsic back muscles), and act on the ribs during respiration. These two muscles are often thin and may be fused to overlying musculature. Muscles numbered 3 to 8 in the list are intrinsic back muscles (erector spinae muscles) innervated by posterior rami of spinal nerves.</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>

				<p class="textfl">These two sets of muscles are <b>accessory muscles of respiration</b> and may be well developed in athletes. In the elderly, however, they are often thin and even difficult to discern. Rarely, the serratus posterior inferior may be entirely absent.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Back and Spinal Cord</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
					
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>