<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Intrinsic Muscles of Larynx</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Intrinsic Muscles of Larynx">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Intrinsic Muscles of Larynx</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Intrinsic Muscles of Larynx" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Intrinsic Muscles of Larynx</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">
			<p>1. Posterior cricoarytenoid muscle</p>			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin:</b> Arises from the posterior surface of the laminae of the cricoid 
cartilage.<br /><br />
<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion:</b> Attaches to the muscular process of the arytenoid 
cartilage.<br /><br />
<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Abducts the vocal folds and widens the rima glottidis, the 
space between the vocal folds.<br /><br />
<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Recurrent (inferior) laryngeal nerve of the vagus.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The posterior cricoarytenoid muscles are extremely important because they are the only muscles that abduct the vocal folds.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> Damage to the recurrent laryngeal nerve during neck surgery (e.g., resection of the thyroid gland) can cause the vocal folds to adduct, causing <b>hoarseness</b> or closure of the rima glottidis, or both. This occurs because the posterior cricoarytenoid muscles are the only laryngeal muscles that abduct the vocal folds and keep the rima glottidis open. The vocal folds are controlled by the laryngeal muscles, all of which are innervated by the vagus nerve (CN X). During quiet respiration, the vocal folds are gently abducted to open the rima glottidis (space between the folds). In forced inspiration (taking a rapid, deep breath), the folds are maximally abducted by the posterior cricoarytenoid muscles, further enlarging the rima glottidis. During phonation, the folds are adducted and tensed to create a reed-like effect (similar to a reed instrument), causing vocal fold mucosal vibrations that produce sound that is then modified by the upper airway (pharynx, oral cavity, tongue, lips, nose, and paranasal sinuses). Closure of the rima glottidis occurs when holding your breath or when lifting something heavy (the <b>Valsalva maneuver</b>), and the folds are completely adducted.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Head and Neck</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>