<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Posterior Abdominal Wall: Internal View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Posterior Abdominal Wall: Internal View">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Posterior Abdominal Wall: Internal View</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Posterior Abdominal Wall: Internal View" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Posterior Abdominal Wall: Internal View</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			 
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">The <b>diaphragm</b> is a dome-shaped musculofibrous septum that arises from the circumference of the thoracic outlet, with fibers arising from a sternal portion (xiphoid process), a costal portion (lower six costal cartilages), and a lumbar portion (L1–L3 vertebrae).</p>


				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">The muscles converge and insert into the central tendon.</p>


				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">Attached to the ribs and lumbar vertebrae, the muscular diaphragm draws the central tendon downward and forward during inspiration. This increases the volume of the thoracic cavity and decreases the volume of the abdominal cavity.</p>


				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">Phrenic nerve (C3, C4, and C5).</p>


				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>

				<p class="textfl"> The diaphragm has three large openings: the <b>caval hiatus</b> for the inferior vena cava (at the level of the T8 vertebra), the <b>esophageal hiatus</b> (at the level of the T10 vertebra), and the <b>aortic hiatus</b> (in front of the T12 vertebra).</p>

				<p class="text">Where the diaphragm passes over the aorta, it forms an arch called the median arcuate ligament. As the diaphragm passes over the psoas major muscle, it forms the medial arcuate ligament, and where it passes over the quadratus lumborum, it forms the lateral arcuate ligament.</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>


					<p class="textfl"> If an inflamed visceral structure (e.g., gallbladder) contacts the underside of the diaphragm, the parietal peritoneum may become inflamed, and the pain will be passed along the sensory axons of the phrenic nerve (C3–C5) on the right side to the corresponding dermatomes in the lower neck and shoulder region. This is an example of <b>referred pain</b> from the abdomen to a somatic region of the body.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Abdomen</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>