<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Muscles of Sole of Foot: Third Layer</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Muscles of Sole of Foot: Third Layer">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Muscles of Sole of Foot: Third Layer</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Muscles of Sole of Foot: Third Layer" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Muscles of Sole of Foot: Third Layer</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
             <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b> The <b>oblique head of the adductor hallucis 
			muscle</b> arises from the bases of the 2nd to 4th metatarsal bones and 
			the long plantar ligament. The <b>transverse head of the adductor 
			hallucis muscle</b> arises from the plantar metatarsophalangeal 
			ligaments of the third, fourth, and fifth toes.<br /><br />
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> The two heads of the adductor hallucis muscle 
			converge, and their central tendon blends with that of the flexor 
			hallucis brevis and shares the <b>lateral sesamoid bone</b> with that 
			muscle. The common tendon inserts on the lateral side of the base 
			of the proximal phalanx of the big toe.<br /><br />
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Adducts the big toe and flexes the proximal phalanx at the 
			metatarsophalangeal joint. It also helps to maintain the transverse 
			metatarsal arch of the foot.<br /><br />
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Deep branch of lateral plantar nerve (S2–S3).<br /><br />
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The transverse head of the adductor hallucis muscle does
			  not arise from a bone but from plantar ligaments.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
			<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> A <b>bunion (hallux valgus)</b> often occurs in those who wear
			  shoes that are too narrow. In this deformity, the 1st metatarsal
			  bone is displaced medially (varus), and the proximal phalanx is
			  partially dislocated and displaced laterally (valgus). The lateral
			  sesamoid bone also is displaced laterally.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>