<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Surfaces of Liver</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Surfaces of Liver">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Surfaces of Liver</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Surfaces of Liver" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Surfaces of Liver</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3> 


				<p class="textfl">Visceral peritoneum reflects off the liver in the form of
				the <b>falciform ligament</b> and the <b>coronary ligaments</b>, which reflect
				off the right and left lobes of the liver and onto the underlying
				diaphragm. The <b>bare area</b> of the liver marks the portion of the liver
				not covered by visceral peritoneum because it is in direct contact
				with the diaphragm.</p>

				<p class="text">The <b>round ligament of the liver</b> is the obliterated left umbilical vein.
				It is visible in the free margin of the falciform ligament. The round
				ligament joins the <b>ligamentum venosum</b>, which is the fused ductus
				venosus from the fetus. Before birth, this passageway allows
				umbilical blood coming from the placenta to bypass the liver and
				drain directly into the inferior vena cava and pass into the right atrium
				of the fetal heart.</p>

				<p class="text">The liver is the largest solid organ in the body (the skin is the largest
				nonsolid organ) and functions in the production and secretion of bile;
				storage of nutrients; production of cellular fuels, plasma proteins, and
				clotting factors; and detoxification and phagocytosis.</p>


			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p> 



					<p class="textfl"><b>Cirrhosis</b> is a largely irreversible disease of the liver.
				Causes include alcoholic liver disease (60% to 70% of cases),
				viral hepatitis, biliary diseases, genetic hemochromatosis, and
				cryptogenic cirrhosis.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Abdomen</b> / Digestive System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>