<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Anterior and Posterior Chambers of the Eye</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Anterior and Posterior Chambers of the Eye">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Anterior and Posterior Chambers of the Eye</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Anterior and Posterior Chambers of the Eye" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Anterior and Posterior Chambers of the Eye</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">
					
							<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>
							<p class="textfl">The region of the eyeball (globe) between the zonular
							fibers and the iris is the posterior chamber. It communicates, by an
							opening in the iris (the pupil), with the anterior chamber lying between
							the iris and the cornea. <b>Aqueous humor</b>, continuously produced by
							the ciliary process of the ciliary body, fills these two chambers and is
							absorbed into the trabecular meshwork and scleral venous sinus.</p>

							<p class="text">The dilator and sphincter muscles (smooth muscles) of the iris
							account for the dilation and constriction of the pupillary opening.</p>

							<p class="text">Contraction of the ciliary muscle (circular fibers) has a sphincteric
							action on the ciliary body such that the zonular fibers relax and
							the elastic lens becomes more rounded in shape, leading to
							<b>accommodation</b> for focusing on objects close to the eye.</p>
						<div class="commentParagraph">
							<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>
							<p class="textfl" id="nomargin" >
							 An increase in ocular pressure above normal limits can lead to <b>glaucoma.</b> This condition usually results from increased resistance to outflow of the aqueous humor via the scleral sinus (canal of Schlemm). This increase in intraocular pressure can damage the optic disc where axons pass from retinal ganglion cells through the optic nerve to the brainstem.</p>
							
							<p class="text">An opacity of the lens is called a <b>cataract</b>. Risk factors for cataracts include age, smoking, alcohol use, sun exposure, diabetes, and systemic steroid use.</p>
						</div>
						<p>
							<b>Head and Neck</b> / Nervous System<!-- <span
								style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
						</p>
					</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>