<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Intrinsic Muscles of Larynx</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Intrinsic Muscles of Larynx">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Intrinsic Muscles of Larynx</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Intrinsic Muscles of Larynx" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Intrinsic Muscles of Larynx</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin:</b> <b>Cricothyroid muscle</b> arises from the anterolateral part of the 
cricoid cartilage.<br /><br />
<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion:</b> Cricothyroid muscle inserts into the inferior aspect and 
inferior horn of the thyroid cartilage.<br /><br />
<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Cricothyroid muscle stretches and tenses the vocal folds.<br /><br />
<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> External branch of the superior laryngeal nerve of 
the vagus.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The cricothyroid muscle is innervated by the small, external branch of the superior laryngeal nerve of the vagus. Most of the superior laryngeal nerve continues as an internal branch that pierces the thyrohyoid membrane to provide sensory innervation above the vocal folds. <br /><br />
				This muscle, similar to the other <b>muscles of the larynx,</b> is derived embryologically from the fourth through sixth pharyngeal (branchial) arches. All of these laryngeal muscles are innervated by the vagus nerve.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> Damage on one side to the superior laryngeal nerve, a branch of the vagus nerve (CN X), will paralyze the ipsilateral cricothyroid muscle. Consequently, the voice will be affected because the ipsilateral vocal fold cannot be fully stretched and tensed. Additionally, the ipsilateral laryngeal mucosa above the level of the vocal folds will be anesthetized (the superior laryngeal nerve is sensory to the laryngeal mucosa above the vocal folds), somewhat compromising the protective <b>gag reflex</b> that would normally keep foreign objects from being aspirated into the larynx.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Head and Neck</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>