<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Ischio-anal Fossae: Anal Sphincters and Rectum</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Ischio-anal Fossae: Anal Sphincters and Rectum">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Ischio-anal Fossae: Anal Sphincters and Rectum</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Ischio-anal Fossae: Anal Sphincters and Rectum" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Ischio-anal Fossae: Anal Sphincters and Rectum</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
		
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Attachments</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> The <b>external anal sphincter</b> is a voluntary sphincter that surrounds the last 2cm of the anal canal and consists of subcutaneous, superficial, and deep portions. Some fibers attach anteriorly to the perineal body and posteriorly to the anococcygeal ligament. Fibers also may join the superficial transverse perineal, the levator ani, and the bulbospongiosus muscles (see Card 5-7/S3-59). Deep fibers interlace with the puborectalis muscle.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> This muscle is in a tonic state of contraction and has no
				antagonist. It keeps the anal canal closed.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> Supplied by the inferior rectal branches (largely S4) of
				the pudendal nerve (S2–S4).</p>
				
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> An internal sphincter lies deep to the external anal sphincter (that is, just superior to the external anal sphincter). This smooth muscle sphincter is under involuntary control. Sympathetic fibers maintain its tonic contraction, whereas parasympathetic fibers relax muscle tone and permit expansion of the anal canal during defecation or flatulence. This action also requires that the external
			    anal sphincter be relaxed simultaneously.</p>

			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>
				<p class="textfl"> Trauma to the anal mucosal lining (e.g., from compacted feces) can lead to an <b>anal infection</b> that can spread into the adjacent sphincter muscles and beyond, into the ischio-anal fossae of the fat-filled anal triangle, thus forming an ischio-anal abscess.
			</p>
		</div>
			<p class="textfl">
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Pelvis and Perineum</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span>
				<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>