<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Forearm Muscles</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Forearm Muscles">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Forearm Muscles</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Forearm Muscles" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Forearm Muscles</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			
			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin (proximal)</h3>
			<p class="textfl"> <b>Extensor carpi radialis longus muscle</b> arises 
			from lateral supracondylar ridge of the humerus.</p>
			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion (distal)</h3>
			<p class="textfl"> Attaches to the base of the 2nd metacarpal.</p>
			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3>
			<p class="textfl"> Extends and abducts the hand at the wrist joint.</p>
			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3>
			<p class="textfl"> Radial nerve (C6 and C7).</p>
			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>
			<p class="textfl"> The extensor carpi radialis longus muscle arises just distal to the brachioradialis muscle. Its belly ends in the proximal third of the forearm. Its flat tendon continues distally along the lateral border of the radius beneath the abductor pollicis longus and extensor pollicis brevis muscles.</p>
			<p class="text"> This muscle also acts synergistically during flexion of the fingers by extending the hand at the wrist to give additional strength when the hand grasps an object. This action is essential for a <b>power grip</b>; one cannot grip an object as tightly when the wrist is in flexion.</p>			
			<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>
			<p class="textfl"> The extensor carpi radialis longus muscle is tested clinically by having the patient extend and abduct the hand at the wrist against resistance. This requires that the examiner hold the patient&#x2019;s fist and apply resistance to the lateral aspect of the wrist while the patient tries to bend the fist laterally (abduct or move it toward the thumb side of the wrist) and extend the wrist simultaneously.</p></div>
			<p class="textfl">
			<span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>