<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Individual Muscles of Forearm</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Individual Muscles of Forearm">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Individual Muscles of Forearm</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Individual Muscles of Forearm" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Individual Muscles of Forearm</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
		


			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin (proximal)</h3>


			 <p class="textfl"><b>Flexor digitorum superficialis muscle</b> arises by 
			two heads and inserts by four tendons. The humeroulnar head arises 
			from the medial epicondyle of the humerus, the ulnar collateral 
			ligament, and the coronoid process of the ulna. The radial head arises 
			from the superior half of the anterior aspect of the radius.</p>

			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion (distal)</h3>


			 <p class="textfl">Four tendons of insertion of the flexor digitorum 
			superficialis attach to the bodies of the middle phalanges of the 
			medial four digits (index finger to little finger). These tendons split, 
			allowing the flexor digitorum profundus tendons to pass through 
			them and insert on the bases of the distal phalanges of the medial 
			four digits (index to little finger).</p>

			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3>


			 <p class="textfl">This muscle acts primarily as a flexor of the proximal 
			interphalangeal joints. It also contributes to flexion of all the joints it 
			crosses, including the elbow, wrist, and metacarpophalangeal joints.</p>

			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3>


			 <p class="textfl">Median nerve (C7 and C8).</p>

			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>


			<p class="textfl">Opposite the bases of the first phalanges, each tendon divides to allow the corresponding tendon of the deep flexor (flexor digitorum profundus) to reach each finger. A <b>common synovial tendon sheath</b>, or bursa, wraps around both sets of tendons, facilitating the sliding of the tendons over one another.</p>	


			<div class="commentParagraph">
              <p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>

              <p class="textfl">Testing this muscle is done by asking the patient to flex the index or middle finger while one holds it between the thumb and index finger in a flexed position at the proximal interphalangeal joint, thus providing resistance. As the patient tries to flex the joint and move the finger toward the palm, the muscle&#x2019;s strength can be assessed.</p></div>
			<p>
			<span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>