<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>THORACIC SPINAL NERVE AND CONNECTIONS TO SYMPATHETIC TRUNK</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="THORACIC SPINAL NERVE AND CONNECTIONS TO SYMPATHETIC TRUNK">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">THORACIC SPINAL NERVE AND CONNECTIONS TO SYMPATHETIC TRUNK</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="THORACIC SPINAL NERVE AND CONNECTIONS TO SYMPATHETIC TRUNK" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">THORACIC SPINAL NERVE AND CONNECTIONS TO SYMPATHETIC TRUNK</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> This image is a composite schematic diagram of the autonomic reflex pathways. Afferent (sensory) nerve fibers <i>(shown in black)</i> 
				return to the spinal cord via the splanchnic nerve (pain sensation from viscera) 
				and via the spinal nerve. The cell bodies of these sensory nerve fibers reside in the spinal (posterior root) ganglion.<br /><br />

				<b>Preganglionic sympathetic efferent (motor) nerve fibers</b> <i>(shown in red)</i> originate from neurons in the intermediolateral cell column of the thoracic spinal cord, leave the cord via the anterior root, and enter the sympathetic trunk via a white ramus communicans. Here the nerve may continue via a splanchnic nerve to the celiac ganglion to synapse, pass up or down the sympathetic chain to synapse at a higher or lower-level sympathetic trunk ganglion, or synapse in the sympathetic trunk ganglion at the spinal cord level where it exited the spinal cord.<br /><br />
				When the preganglionic fiber has synapsed on the postganglionic neuron (in the sympathetic trunk ganglion or the celiac ganglion), postganglionic sympathetic fibers course to innervate viscera, smooth muscle, glands, or arrector pili muscles of the skin (attached to hair follicles).<br /><br />

				<b>Parasympathetic efferent fibers</b> in this schematic illustration course to the viscera via the vagus nerve. Reflex afferents from the viscera return to the brainstem also via the vagus nerve. Visceral afferents also convey pain from distention, inflammation, or ischemia to the spinal cord via the splanchnic nerve, white ramus, spinal nerve, posterior root ganglion (location of sensory nerve cell bodies), and posterior root to the spinal cord.
			</p>			
			<hr />
			<p>
				<b>Back and Spinal Cord</b> / Nervous System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			<!-- <p>
			<b>Head and Neck</b> / Skeletal System<span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic">Atlas Plate 11
				<br/></span>
		    </p> -->		
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>