<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Posterior and Lateral Thoracic Walls</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Posterior and Lateral Thoracic Walls">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Posterior and Lateral Thoracic Walls</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Posterior and Lateral Thoracic Walls" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Posterior and Lateral Thoracic Walls</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> <b>Serratus anterior muscle</b> arises by fleshy digitations from
				the outer surfaces and superior borders of the first eight to nine ribs.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> The serratus anterior muscle fibers pass backward, closely
				apply themselves to the chest wall, and insert on the ventral aspect
				of the vertebral (medial) border of the scapula.</p>
				
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> Muscle pulls the medial border of the scapula anteriorly
				toward the thoracic wall (protraction), preventing the bone from
				protruding (winging). Its fibers also rotate the scapula upward by
				laterally rotating the inferior angle. This action helps abduct the arm
				at the shoulder. Abduction above (above the horizontal) can be
				accomplished only by lateral rotation of the inferior angle of the
				scapula.</p>
				
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> Long thoracic nerve (C5, C6, and C7).</p>
				
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> The serratus anterior is particularly important in <b>rotation of the scapula</b> so the deltoid muscle may fully abduct the arm. It also is important in keeping the scapula flush against the thoracic wall.</p>
					
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>
				<p class="textfl"> Damage to the long thoracic nerve may lead to <b>&#x201c;winging&#x201d; of the scapula</b>, most evident when a patient pushes forward with the upper limb against resistance. In particular, the inferior angle of the scapula is elevated away from the thoracic wall. This type of nerve injury may occur from trauma to the lateral thoracic wall or from lateral flexion of the neck to the opposite side, causing a stretch injury to the nerve.</p>
			</div>
			<p class="textfl">
				<b>Thorax</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			<!-- <p class="textfl">
			<b>Head and Neck</b> / Skeletal System<span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic">Atlas Plate 11
				<br/></span>
		    </p> -->		
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>