<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Shoulder Muscles</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Shoulder Muscles">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Shoulder Muscles</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Shoulder Muscles" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Shoulder Muscles</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin (proximal)</h3>


				 <p class="textfl"><b>Deltoid muscle</b> arises from the lateral third of the 
				clavicle, the superior surface of the acromion, and the spine of the scapula.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion (distal)</h3>


				 <p class="textfl">The fibers converge in a thick tendon that is 
				attached to the deltoid tuberosity on the lateral aspect of the shaft of the humerus.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3>


				 <p class="textfl">The principal function is abduction of the arm at the shoulder 
				in a movement initiated together with the <b>supraspinatus muscle.</b> 
				The clavicular portion of the muscle rotates the arm medially and 
				helps the pectoralis major flex the arm at the shoulder. The spinous portion rotates the arm laterally and helps the latissimus dorsi extend 
				the arm at the shoulder.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3>


				 <p class="textfl">Axillary nerve (C5 and C6).</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>


				 <p class="textfl">The deltoid is a thick, triangular muscle with coarse fibers.
				It covers the shoulder joint anteriorly, posteriorly, and laterally. The
				multipennate central portion of the muscle is most active in abduction.</p>

				<p class="text">The blood supply is largely via the thoracoacromial artery and also via
				the anterior and posterior humeral circumflex arteries, which arise
				from the axillary artery.</p>

			   <div class="commentParagraph">
               <p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p> 


                <p class="textfl">To test the deltoid muscle strength and the integrity of
				the axillary nerve, have the patient abduct the upper limb against
				resistance (the middle fibers of the muscle should be seen to
				contract). The posterior fibers can be seen to contract if the patient
				tries to retract the abducted upper limb against resistance.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle"> Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>