<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Leg: Cross Section</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Leg: Cross Section">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Leg: Cross Section</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Leg: Cross Section" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Leg: Cross Section</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b>  Similar to the thigh, the leg has <b>three compartments</b>.
				The <b>anterior compartment</b> contains the dorsiflexors of the foot and
				extensors of the toes. The <b>lateral compartment</b> contains the
				evertors of the foot. The <b>posterior compartment</b> contains muscles
				that are largely plantarflexors of the foot at the ankle, flexors of the
				toes, and invertors of the foot.<br /><br />
				The anterior compartment muscles are innervated by the deep fibular
				nerve and supplied by the anterior tibial artery. The lateral compartment muscles are innervated by the superficial fibular nerve and
				supplied by the fibular artery. The posterior compartment muscles are
				innervated by the tibial nerve and supplied by the posterior tibial
				artery</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The sensory area of the common fibular nerve is over the
				lateral and anterolateral aspect of the leg and dorsum of the foot.
				Deep fibular nerve sensation can be tested over the skin between
				the great toe and second toe dorsally. In this illustration, also note
				the small saphenous vein subcutaneously on the calf (superficial to
				the gastrocnemius) and the great saphenous vein medial to the tibia.<br /><br />
				<b>Anterior compartment syndrome</b> (anterior or lateral shin splints)
				can occur from excessive contraction of these compartment
				muscles, causing swelling and inflammation.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / 
				<span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>