<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Muscles of Leg (Deep Dissection): Posterior</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Muscles of Leg (Deep Dissection): Posterior">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Muscles of Leg (Deep Dissection): Posterior</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Muscles of Leg (Deep Dissection): Posterior" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Muscles of Leg (Deep Dissection): Posterior</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
            <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b> <b>Flexor digitorum longus muscle</b> arises from the 
			middle portion of the posterior surface of the tibia inferior to the 
			soleal line and from the fascia covering the tibialis posterior.<br /><br />
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> In the sole of the foot, the tendon of the flexor 
			digitorum longus muscle divides into four slips that insert on the 
			bases of the distal phalanges of the four lateral toes.<br /><br />
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Flexor digitorum longus muscle flexes the four lateral digits, 
			especially the distal phalanges, allowing them to grip the ground 
			during walking. This muscle also plantarflexes the foot at the ankle, 
			aids with inversion, and helps support the foot&#x2019;s longitudinal arches.<br /><br />
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Tibial nerve (S2–S3).<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The flexor digitorum longus muscle is situated on the
			tibial side of the leg. Along with the flexor hallucis longus tendon and
			tibialis posterior tendon, the tendon of the flexor digitorum longus
			courses posteriorly to the medial malleolus, passing deep to the
			flexor retinaculum.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
			<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The flexor digitorum longus muscle is tested by having
			the patient plantarflex the toes against resistance. As this is done,
			one can palpate the tendons to the four lateral toes on the plantar
			aspect of the distal foot.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>