<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Prevertebral Muscles</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Prevertebral Muscles">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Prevertebral Muscles</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Prevertebral Muscles" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Prevertebral Muscles</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin:</b> The longus capitis arises from the anterior tubercles of the 
C3-C6 vertebral transverse processes. The longus colli arises from 
the bodies of the T1-T3 vertebrae, the bodies of the C4-C7 vertebrae, 
and transverse processes of the C3-C6 vertebrae.<br /><br />
<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion:</b> The longus capitis attaches to the basilar portion of the 
occipital bone. The colli portion attaches to the anterior tubercle of 
the atlas (C1), the bodies of the C2-C4 vertebrae, and transverse 
processes of the C5-C6 vertebrae.<br /><br />
<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Both muscles flex the neck, although the longus colli is weak.
The longus colli also slightly rotates and laterally bends the neck.<br /><br />
<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> The longus capitis is supplied by the C1-C3 anterior 
rami. The longus colli is supplied by the C2-C6 anterior rami.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The longus capitis and longus colli lie in front of the cervical vertebrae and are often called <b>prevertebral muscles.</b> They help other muscles flex the cervical spine.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> These muscles and the scalenus muscles comprise anterior muscle groups often lumped together as &#x201c;prevertebral&#x201d; muscles. They are encased in a strong fascial sleeve called the prevertebral fascia and do not tolerate <b>swelling</b> well because of this tight enclosure. Just anterior to the prevertebral fascia, where it covers the bodies of the cervical vertebrae, lies the <b>retropharyngeal space</b> (this space is posterior to the buccopharyngeal fascia [the posterior portion of the pretracheal fascia] covering the posterior pharynx and esophagus). <b>Infections</b> in this vertical space may pass superiorly to the base of the skull or inferiorly into the posterior mediastinum of the thorax.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Head and Neck</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>