<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Muscles of Thigh: Anterior View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Muscles of Thigh: Anterior View">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Muscles of Thigh: Anterior View</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Muscles of Thigh: Anterior View" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Muscles of Thigh: Anterior View</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
								<div class="dialog_body">			
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin (proximal)</h3>
				<p class="textfl"><b> Gracilis muscle</b> arises from the body and inferior ramus of the pubis.</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion (distal)</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> Gracilis muscle inserts into the medial aspect of
				the upper portion of the tibia, just below the medial condyle.</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> Gracilis muscle adducts the thigh, flexes the leg at the knee,
				and, when the knee is flexed, is a medial rotator.</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> Obturator nerve (L2–L3).</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>
				<p class="textfl">The gracilis is a long, thin, flat muscle. It crosses the hip and the knee, <b>acting on both joints.</b> Below the knee, its tendon of insertion curves forward and expands, lying in close approximation to the insertions of the sartorius and semitendinosus muscles. The expanded insertion of the tendons of these three muscles is called the <b>&#x201c;pes anserinus&#x201d;</b> because the insertion resembles the foot of a goose.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>
				<p class="textfl"> The gracilis muscle, along with the sartorius and semitendinosus muscles, helps stabilize the medial aspect of the extended knee (while the tensor fasciae latae muscle and the iliotibial tract do this on the lateral side of the extended knee). The gracilis is the <b>weakest</b> of the medial adductor group of muscles. The gracilis muscle may be used for <b>transplantation</b> to replace a damaged muscle. It is not a particularly strong adductor or flexor of the thigh.</p></div>
			<p class="textfl">
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>