<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Ligaments and Tendons of Foot: Plantar View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Ligaments and Tendons of Foot: Plantar View">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Ligaments and Tendons of Foot: Plantar View</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Ligaments and Tendons of Foot: Plantar View" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Ligaments and Tendons of Foot: Plantar View</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b>  The <b>tarsometatarsal joints</b> are plane synovial joints.
				They consist of articular capsules and are strengthened by plantar,
				dorsal, and interosseous ligaments. They permit gliding and sliding
				movements.<br /><br />
				The <b>metatarsophalangeal joints</b> are multiaxial condyloid synovial
				joints surrounded by articular capsules and strengthened by plantar
				and collateral ligaments. They permit flexion and extension, some
				abduction and adduction, and circumduction. The plantar ligaments
				are part of the weight-bearing surface of the foot.<br /><br />
				The <b>interphalangeal joints</b> are uniaxial hinge-type (ginglymus)
				synovial joints that also are enclosed by capsules and strengthened
				by plantar and collateral ligaments. They permit flexion and extension.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b>  Direct trauma to the foot can result in <b>fracture</b> of the metatarsals and phalanges. These are usually treated by immobilization because the extensive ligament attachments that stabilize these joints prevent the fragments from becoming displaced.<br /><br />
			<b>Dislocation</b> of the first metatarsal is common in athletes and ballet
				dancers because of repeated hyperdorsiflexion.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Skeletal System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>