<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Male Perineum and Penis</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Male Perineum and Penis">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Male Perineum and Penis</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Male Perineum and Penis" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Male Perineum and Penis</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>
				<p class="textfl">The <b>male perineum</b> includes the anal canal, the
				membranous and spongy parts of the urethra, the root of the penis,
				and the scrotum (not shown). The root, or attached part of the penis,
				consists of two crura and a bulb, which lies centrally, and the ischiocavernosus and bulbospongiosus muscles, which cover those erectile
				bodies (muscles removed in this view). The crura are attached to the
				internal surface of the ischial ramus. In this image, the foreskin is
				held by forceps.</p>

				<p class="text">After descending from the bladder and passing through the prostate,
				the urethra enters the proximal portion of the bulb of the penis. It
				passes through the corpus spongiosum as the spongy urethra.</p>

				<p class="text">The levator ani muscle, a portion of the pelvic diaphragm, is visible in
				the anal triangle.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>
				<p class="textfl" id="nomargin"><b>Male circumcision</b>, performed for religious and/or
				hygienic reasons, involves the removal of the prepuce or foreskin
				of the penis, leaving the glans exposed.</p>

				<p class="text"><b>Human papillomavirus (HPV)</b> and <b><i>Chlamydia trachomatis</i></b>
				infections are the two most common <b>sexually transmitted infections STIs</b> in the United States. In
				both sexes, HPV infections are characterized in both sexes by
				warty lesions. Chlamydial infection is the most common bacterial STI.</p>
				</div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Pelvis and Perineum</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Reproductive and Urinary Systems</span>
				<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>