<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Muscles of Lower Limb</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Muscles of Lower Limb">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Muscles of Lower Limb</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Muscles of Lower Limb" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Muscles of Lower Limb</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">	
            <h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin (proximal)</h3>
            <p class="textfl"> <b>Psoas major muscle</b> arises from the transverse
			processes of all five lumbar vertebrae and from the sides of the bodies
			of the T12–L5 vertebrae and the intervertebral discs between them.</p>
			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion (distal)</h3>
			<p class="textfl"> Psoas major muscle tapers inferiorly, crossing in
			front of the sacrum and sacroiliac joint to join with the iliacus muscle
			and to insert on the lesser trochanter of the femur.</p>
			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3>
			<p class="textfl">With the iliacus, the psoas major flexes the thigh at the hip and is an important flexor of the trunk at the hip. Acting alone, it laterally flexes the trunk ipsilaterally. It is also used to balance the trunk when a person is in a sitting position.</p>
			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3>
			<p class="textfl"> Anterior rami of lumbar nerves L1–L3.</p>
			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>
			<p class="textfl"> The psoas major and iliacus muscles are commonly
			referred to as the <b>iliopsoas muscle</b> because they act in unison. Their
			action is especially important in flexing the trunk against gravity, as
			when a person does sit-ups with the legs straight (hips extended).</p>
			<p class="text">
			About half the population has a smaller muscle, the <b>psoas minor</b>, on the anterior surface of the psoas major. Some texts may view the psoas muscle as a muscle of the abdominal wall.
			Some texts may view the psoas muscle as a muscle of the abdominal wall.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>
				<p class="textfl"> The psoas major <b>(iliopsoas complex)</b> is tested clinically by having the patient flex the thigh at the hip joint against
				resistance (with the leg also flexed at the knee).</p></div>
			<p class="textfl">
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / 
				<span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>