<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Anterior Abdominal Wall: Superficial Dissection</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Anterior Abdominal Wall: Superficial Dissection">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Anterior Abdominal Wall: Superficial Dissection</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Anterior Abdominal Wall: Superficial Dissection" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Anterior Abdominal Wall: Superficial Dissection</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin: </b> <b>External oblique muscle</b> arises by fleshy digitations from the external surfaces and inferior borders of the lower 8 ribs.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion: </b> The muscle attaches to the anterior half of the iliac crest, to the anterior superior iliac spine, and into a broad aponeurosis along a line from the 9th costal cartilage to the anterior superior iliac spine. The aponeurosis inserts into the midline <b>linea alba</b>.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action: </b> Compresses the abdominal contents. Contracting bilaterally, the muscles flex the vertebral column or trunk. Acting alone, the muscle bends the vertebral column laterally and rotates it so as to bring the shoulder of the same side forward.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation: </b> Supplied by intercostal nerves T7&#x2010;T11 and the subcostal nerve (T12).<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> This is the largest and most superficial of the three flat abdominal muscles.

			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"> <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> On the left side (patient&#x2019;s left) of this dissection, one can see the fatty (Camper&#x2019;s) fascia and the underlying membranous (Scarpa&#x2019;s) fascia of the abdominal wall. These fascial planes are
				important in the <b>spread of infection</b>. Fluid from the perineal region (e.g., ruptured urethra) can spread into the abdominal wall between Scarpa&#x2019;s fascia and the underlying investing (deep) fascia of the external abdominal oblique muscle and aponeurosis.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Abdomen</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>