<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Omental Bursa: Cross Section</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Omental Bursa: Cross Section">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Omental Bursa: Cross Section</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Omental Bursa: Cross Section" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Omental Bursa: Cross Section</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">
						<p>
							<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The omental bursa, or <b>lesser sac</b>, resides posterior to the
							stomach and anterior to the pancreas, which lies retroperitoneally.
							Access to the lesser sac is through a small foramen called the
							epiploic foramen of Winslow. The rest of the abdominopelvic cavity is
							referred to as the <b>greater sac</b>.<br /><br />
							The <b>portal triad</b> lies within the hepatoduodenal ligament, which is
							part of the lesser omentum (the other part is the hepatogastric
							ligament). Just posterior to this triad, one can access the inferior
							vena cava (the inferior vena cava and aorta are retroperitoneal).
						</p>

						<div class="commentParagraph">
							<p id="nomargin"> <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b>  Note the location of the pancreas and its close proximity
							to a number of important epigastric structures, including the
							duodenum, stomach, spleen, left kidney and adrenal gland, and
							aorta and inferior vena cava. Typically, the pancreas is described as
							having a head, neck, body, and tail. It is both an important
							accessory digestive gland as well as an important endocrine gland
							(glucagon, insulin, somatostatin, and several other hormones).
							Cancer from or trauma to the pancreas can have implications for
							any one of these structures that lies close to this important
							retroperitoneal organ.</p>
						</div>
						<p>
							<b>Abdomen</b> / Digestive System
							<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
						</p>
					</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>