<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Muscles of Pharynx</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Muscles of Pharynx">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Muscles of Pharynx</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Muscles of Pharynx" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Muscles of Pharynx</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin:</b> <b> Inferior pharyngeal constrictor</b> arises from the oblique line of the thyroid cartilage and side of the cricoid cartilage.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion: </b> The two inferior pharyngeal constrictor muscles wrap posteriorly to meet and attach to the median raphe of the pharynx.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action: </b> Inferior pharyngeal constrictor muscle constricts the wall of the lower pharynx during swallowing.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation: </b> Pharyngeal plexus of the vagus nerve (CN X). Some minor contributions may come from the external branch of the superior laryngeal nerve and recurrent laryngeal nerves of the vagus.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The inferior pharyngeal constrictor lies largely behind the thyroid and cricoid cartilages. Its lower end is referred to as the cricopharyngeal muscle, which is continuous with the esophageal muscle fibers. The cricopharyngeal portion of this muscle is considered
				the <b>superior esophageal sphincter</b>. It contains a significant amount of elastic tissue and slow-twitch and fast-twitch muscle fibers. This allows the muscle to maintain its tone, so that it can quickly contract and relax during swallowing, belching, or vomiting. The point at which the inferior constrictor attaches to the cricoid cartilage represents the narrowest portion of the pharynx.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> Although the motor innervation of the pharyngeal constrictors is via the vagus nerve (CN X, <b>pharyngeal plexus</b>), the sensory innervation of all but the most superior part of the pharynx (the constrictor muscles and the mucosa lining the interior of the pharynx) is via the glossopharyngeal nerve (CN IX). Together, the fibers of CN
				IX and X form the pharyngeal plexus and function in concert with one another during swallowing. Injury to the pharyngeal fibers from CN X can result in difficulty swallowing <b>(dysphagia)</b>.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Head and Neck</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>