<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Tibia and Fibula</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Tibia and Fibula">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Tibia and Fibula</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Tibia and Fibula" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Tibia and Fibula</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The <b>tibia</b> articulates with the condyles of the femur and
				is the weight-bearing bone of the leg.<br /><br />
				The smaller <b>fibula</b> lies posterolateral to the tibia. It exists largely for
				muscle attachments, forms part of the ankle joint, and acts as a
				pulley for muscle tendons that evert the foot and ankle.<br /><br />
				The <b>tibial tuberosity</b> is the insertion site for the patellar ligament.
				The tendon of attachment for the quadriceps muscles of the anterior
				thigh that extend the leg at the knee joint inserts into the patella,
				which then attaches to the tibia via the patellar ligament.<br /><br />
				The <b>proximal tibiofibular</b> joint is a plane synovial joint that permits
				limited gliding movement. The <b>distal tibiofibular joint</b> is a fibrous
				joint (syndesmosis), which allows almost no movement.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> <b>Fractures</b> of the tibial shaft are the most common
				fractures of a long bone. Because the tibia lies just beneath the
				skin along the medial border of the leg, tibial shaft fractures often
				are open injuries (in which the skin is perforated).<br /><br />
				<b>Osteosarcoma</b> is the most common malignant bone tumor of
				mesenchymal origin, often involving the distal femur or proximal
				tibia. These tumors are aggressive.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Skeletal System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>