<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Anterior Abdominal Wall</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Anterior Abdominal Wall">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Anterior Abdominal Wall</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Anterior Abdominal Wall" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Anterior Abdominal Wall</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin</h3>

				 <p class="textfl"><b>Internal oblique muscle</b> arises from the lateral half of the inguinal ligament, the iliac crest, and the thoracolumbar fascia.</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">Attaches to the inferior borders of the cartilages of the last three or four ribs, the linea alba, the pubic crest, and the pectineal line.</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">Compresses the abdominal contents. Contraction of both internal abdominal oblique muscles flexes the vertebral column. Contraction on one side only bends the vertebral column laterally and rotates it, moving the shoulder of the opposite side anteriorly.</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">By the intercostal nerves T7&#x2010;T11, subcostal nerve (T12), and iliohypogastric and ilioinguinal nerves (L1).</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">In the inguinal region, the aponeuroses of the internal abdominal oblique and transverse abdominal muscles fuse to form the <b>inguinal falx</b>.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p> 

					<p class="textfl">A weakness in the anterior abdominal wall can lead to <b>hernias</b>, where underlying viscera and fat may protrude anteriorly and cause a bulge or rupture of the anterior muscle layers. The most common types of <b>abdominal wall hernias</b> are inguinal hernias, umbilical hernias, linea alba hernias (usually occurring in the epigastric region), and incisional hernias (occurring at the site of a previous surgical scar).</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Abdomen</b> / Muscular System
				<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>