<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Intrinsic Muscles of Back</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Intrinsic Muscles of Back">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Intrinsic Muscles of Back</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Intrinsic Muscles of Back" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Intrinsic Muscles of Back</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle">Intrinsic Muscles of Back</h2>			
			<hr />
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (Inferior Attachment):</b> The erector spinae muscle comprises
				the iliocostalis, longissimus, and spinalis muscles. They arise by a
				broad tendon (deep to the thoracolumbar fascia) from the posterior
				aspect of the iliac crest, the posterior aspect of the sacrum, the sacral
				and inferior lumbar spinous processes, and the supraspinous ligament.<br /><br />

				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (Superior Attachment):</b> The iliocostalis muscles attach to
				the angles of lower ribs and the cervical transverse processes.<br /><br />

				The longissimus muscles attach to the ribs between the tubercles
				and angles, to the transverse processes in the thoracic and cervical
				vertebral regions, and to the mastoid process of the temporal bone.<br /><br />

				The spinalis muscles attach to the spinous processes in the upper
				thoracic region and midcervical region and to the skull.<br /><br />

				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Together, these muscles extend the vertebral column and
				head. Unilaterally, they bend the vertebral column laterally. Specifically,
				the erector spinae are powerful extensors of the thoracic and lumbar
				spine. Their action on the cervical spine is weak and overshadowed by
				the actions of the semispinalis and splenius muscles.<br /><br />

				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Posterior rami of the respective spinal nerves in
				each region.<br /><br />

				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> Because of their locations, the iliocostalis muscles are classified into lumborum, thoracis, and colli groups; the longissimus muscles into thoracis, cervicis, and colli groups; and the spinalis muscles into thoracis, colli, and capitis groups.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical: </b> These strong extensors of the spine can come under extreme stress when one is lifting heavy objects, especially when one lifts with the back instead of keeping the spine straight and lifting with the powerful leg muscles.
				</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Back and Spinal Cord</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>