<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Muscles of Facial Expression: Lateral View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Muscles of Facial Expression: Lateral View">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Muscles of Facial Expression: Lateral View</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Muscles of Facial Expression: Lateral View" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Muscles of Facial Expression: Lateral View</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
						<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin:</b> The <b>frontalis</b> muscle has no bony origin. Its fibers arise from the superficial fascia and are continuous with two other anterior facial muscles, the procerus and the corrugator supercilii.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion:</b> The fibers of the frontal belly are directed upward. They join the epicranial aponeurosis (galea aponeurotica) anterior to the coronal suture.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> The frontalis muscle elevates the eyebrows and wrinkles the forehead, as when a person looks surprised.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Terminal branches of the facial nerve; temporal branch.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment:</b> This epicranius muscle consists largely of the frontal and occipital bellies and an intervening epicranial aponeurosis (galea aponeurotica).<br /><br />
				As a muscle of facial expression, this cutaneous muscle lies within the layers of the superficial fascia.
			</p>		
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> All of the muscles of facial expression are derived embryologically from the second pharyngeal (branchial) arch and are innervated by the terminal branches of the facial nerve (CN VII). Acute, unilateral <b>facial palsy</b> is the most common cause of facial muscle weakness and is called <b>Bell&#x2019;s palsy.</b> In Bell&#x2019;s palsy, paralysis of the frontalis portion of the epicranius muscle would result in an inability to fully raise one&#x2019;s eyebrows and wrinkle the forehead skin.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Head and Neck</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>		
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>