<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Muscles of Sole of Foot: Second Layer</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Muscles of Sole of Foot: Second Layer">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Muscles of Sole of Foot: Second Layer</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Muscles of Sole of Foot: Second Layer" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Muscles of Sole of Foot: Second Layer</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			
            <h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin (proximal)</h3> 

            <p class="textfl"><b>Lumbrical muscles</b> arise from the tendons of the 
			flexor digitorum longus. The first, or most medial, lumbrical arises 
			from the medial side of the tendon to the second toe. The second 
			lumbrical arises from the two tendons that flank it, and the other two 
			lumbricals arise from their flanking tendons.</p>


			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion (distal)</h3> 

			<p class="textfl">The tendons of the lumbrical muscles pass below 
			the deep transverse metatarsal ligaments. They are inserted into the 
			extensor expansions of the extensor digitorum longus on the dorsal 
			surface of the proximal phalanges.</p>


			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3> 

			<p class="textfl">Similar to the lumbricals in the hand, the lumbricals in the 
			foot flex the proximal phalanges at the metatarsophalangeal joints 
			and extend the two distal phalanges of the four lateral digits.</p>


			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3> 

			<p class="textfl">The first lumbrical is innervated by the medial plantar nerve (S1–S2). The three lateral lumbricals are innervated by the lateral plantar nerve (S1–S3).</p>


			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3> 

			<p class="textfl">The lumbrical muscles in the foot act in a manner similar
			to the lumbricals in the hand (which arise from the flexor digitorum
			profundus muscle tendons).</p>			
			

			<div class="commentParagraph">
            <p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>

            <p class="textfl">It is difficult to isolate the action of the lumbrical muscles
			clinically. Three of the four lumbricals are innervated by the lateral
			plantar nerve.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span>
				<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>