<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Muscles of Facial Expression: Lateral View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Muscles of Facial Expression: Lateral View">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Muscles of Facial Expression: Lateral View</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Muscles of Facial Expression: Lateral View" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Muscles of Facial Expression: Lateral View</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
								<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin:</b> <b>Occipitalis muscle</b> arises from the lateral two&#x2010;thirds of the superior nuchal line of the occipital bone and the mastoid process of the temporal bone.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion:</b> Occipitalis muscle inserts into the epicranial aponeurosis (galea aponeurotica).<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> The occipital and frontal bellies of the epicranial muscle act alternately to draw the skin of the scalp back or forward. Individually, the occipitalis draws the scalp backward.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Terminal branches of the facial nerve; posterior auricular branches.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment:</b> The extensive epicranial aponeurosis, which is called the galea aponeurotica, connects the frontal belly and occipital belly of the epicranial muscle.<br /><br />
				As a muscle of facial expression, this cutaneous muscle lies within the layers of the superficial fascia.
			</p>		
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> All of the muscles of facial expression are derived embryologically from the second pharyngeal (branchial) arch and are innervated by the terminal branches of the facial nerve (CN VII). Acute, unilateral facial palsy is the most common cause of facial muscle weakness and is called <b>Bell&#x2019;s palsy.</b> In Bell&#x2019;s palsy, paralysis of the occipitalis portion of the epicranius muscle would result in an inability to draw the skin of the scalp backward.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Head and Neck</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>		
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>