<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Intrinsic Muscles of Hand</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Intrinsic Muscles of Hand">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Intrinsic Muscles of Hand</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Intrinsic Muscles of Hand" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Intrinsic Muscles of Hand</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			 
			 	<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin (proximal)</h3>
			 	<p class="textfl"> <b>Flexor pollicis brevis muscle</b> has two heads. The superficial head arises from the flexor retinaculum and the trapezium bone. The deep head arises from the floor of the carpal canal, which overlies the trapezoid and capitate bones.</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion (distal)</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> The two heads of the flexor pollicis brevis muscle join in a common tendon that inserts on the lateral side of the 1st metacarpal bone and base of the proximal phalanx. The tendon of insertion contains the radial sesamoid bone of the metacarpophalangeal joint.</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> Flexes the proximal phalanx of the thumb at the metacarpophalangeal joint and indirectly rotates the metacarpal bone of the thumb medially at the carpometacarpal joint.</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> Recurrent branch of median nerve (C8 and T1).</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> The flexor pollicis brevis muscle is one of the three muscles that make up the thenar muscles at the base of the thumb. The <b>thenar muscles</b> are all innervated by the recurrent branch of the median nerve.
			 </p>			
				<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>
				<p class="textfl"> The recurrent branch of the median nerve lies somewhat superficial in the palm before diving into the belly of the flexor pollicis brevis muscle. <b>Lacerations</b> across the palm and thenar eminence may sever this important branch, as it innervates all three of the thenar muscles. Therefore, one must carefully test the
				integrity of these muscles in hand lacerations.</p>
			</div>
			<p class="textfl">
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>