<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Mucosa and Musculature of Small Intestine</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Mucosa and Musculature of Small Intestine">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Mucosa and Musculature of Small Intestine</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Mucosa and Musculature of Small Intestine" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Mucosa and Musculature of Small Intestine</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			
              <h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>

			<p class="textfl">The small intestine includes the <b>duodenum</b> (secondarily
				retroperitoneal), the <b>jejunum</b> (mesenteric), and the <b>ileum</b> (mesenteric).
				The jejunum constitutes the proximal two-fifths and the ileum
				the distal three-fifths of the mesenteric small intestine.</p>


				<p class="text">Several gross characteristics distinguish the jejunum from the ileum.
				The jejunum is larger in diameter and has longer straight arteries
				branching from its arterial arcades. It also has less fat in its mesentery
				and prominent circular folds of mucosa (plicae circulares) in its
				interior wall. More distally in the small bowel, the concentration of
				aggregated lymphoid nodules (Peyer patches) increases.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">  
				
              <p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>

				<p class="textfl"><b>Crohn disease</b> is an idiopathic inflammatory bowel disease that may affect any segment of the gastrointestinal tract but usually involves the small intestine and colon. The disease presents with abdominal pain (periumbilical or lower right quadrant), diarrhea, fever, and several other symptoms and is most common between the ages of 15 and 30 years. <b>Volvulus</b> is the twisting of a bowel loop that may cause bowel obstruction. Volvulus most often affects the small intestine due to the mesenteric mobility of this portion of the bowel.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Abdomen</b> / Digestive System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>