<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Muscles of Leg: Lateral View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Muscles of Leg: Lateral View">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Muscles of Leg: Lateral View</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Muscles of Leg: Lateral View" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Muscles of Leg: Lateral View</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
								<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b>  <b>Fibularis longus muscle</b> arises from the head
				and upper two-thirds of the lateral surface of the fibula.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Fibularis longus muscle ends in a long tendon that
				runs behind the lateral malleolus and crosses obliquely on the plantar
				surface of the foot to insert at the base of the 1st metatarsal and
				medial cuneiform bone.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Fibularis longus everts the foot and is a weak plantarflexor of
				the foot at the ankle.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Superficial fibular (peroneal) nerve (L5, S1–S2).<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The oblique course of the tendon across the plantar
				aspect of the foot helps maintain the foot's lateral longitudinal and
				transverse arches.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The fibularis (peroneus) longus muscle is tested clinically
				by having the patient evert the foot against resistance. In some
				individuals with excessively mobile ankle joints, <b>hypereversion</b> can
				irritate the lateral compartment muscles (fibularis longus and
				fibularis brevis), causing pain, swelling, and compression of the
				neurovascular bundle.<br /><br />

				The common fibular nerve is the most injured nerve of the lower
				limb, denervating the anterior and lateral leg compartment muscles,
				causing <b>footdrop</b> (loss of dorsiflexors of the ankle and evertors of
				the foot).</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> /
				<span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>