<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Muscles Involved in Mastication</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Muscles Involved in Mastication">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Muscles Involved in Mastication</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Muscles Involved in Mastication" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Muscles Involved in Mastication</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">	

					<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin</h3>		
			<p class="textfl">
				 <b>Masseter</b> arises from the inferior border and medial surface of the zygomatic arch.</p>
				 <h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion</h3>

				<p class="textfl">The masseter attaches to the lateral surface of the mandible and lateral surface of the coronoid process.</p>

             <h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3>
				 <p class="textfl">The masseter closes the jaw by elevating the mandible.</p>

				 <h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">Mandibular division of the trigeminal nerve.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>
				<p class="textfl">
				 The masseter is one of the four muscles of mastication. Some of its fibers also may protrude the mandible, and its deep fibers retract the mandible. Elevation of the jaw also is assisted by the actions of the temporalis and medial pterygoid muscles. Also shown in this image is the parotid duct as it pierces the bucinator. This duct drains the parotid salivary gland.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>
				<p class="textfl" id="nomargin">The muscles of mastication are derived embryologically from the first pharyngeal (branchial) arch and are innervated by the mandibular division of the trigeminal nerve (CN V<sub>3</sub>). The hearty spore of <i>Clostridium tetani</i> is commonly found in soil, dust, and feces and can enter the body through wounds, blisters, burns, skin ulcers, insect bites, and surgical procedures. If the individual is infected and unvaccinated, the toxin from the bacteria can destroy the inhibitory neurons of the brainstem and spinal cord and cause nuchal rigidity, <b>trismus (lockjaw,</b> a spasm of the masseter), dysphagia, laryngospasm, and acute muscle spasms that can lead to death.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Head and Neck</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
	
</body>

</html>