<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Ligaments and Tendons of Ankle: Lateral View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Ligaments and Tendons of Ankle: Lateral View">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Ligaments and Tendons of Ankle: Lateral View</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Ligaments and Tendons of Ankle: Lateral View" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Ligaments and Tendons of Ankle: Lateral View</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>
			<p class="textfl"> The ankle (talocrural) joint is a hinge-type (ginglymus)
				uniaxial synovial joint between the tibia and fibula and the trochlea of
				the talus. This joint permits <b>dorsiflexion</b> (extension) and <b>plantarflexion</b>.
				Its thin, fibrous capsule is reinforced by the medial (deltoid)
				ligament, which has four parts, and the lateral collateral ligament,
				which has three parts.</p>
				<p class="text">

				Of the tarsal joints, the talocalcaneal (subtalar) joint is a plane synovial
				joint between the talus and calcaneus. It permits <b>inversion</b> and
				<b>eversion</b> of the foot.</p>
				<p class="text">

				The <b>talocalcaneonavicular joint</b> is a partial ball-and-socket synovial
				joint between the head of the talus and the calcaneus and navicular
				bones (along with the calcaneocuboid joint, it forms the transverse
				tarsal joint). It is supported by the spring ligament and is important in
				gliding and rotational movements of the foot.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>
				<p class="textfl"> The lateral collateral ligament is weak and often is
				sprained. It resists inversion of the foot. One or more of its parts
				may tear in the common inversion <b>ankle injury</b>; when this
				happens, the ligaments usually tear from anterior to posterior, with
				the anterior talofibular ligament being torn first. 

				<b>Fractures</b> of the talus occur most commonly at the talar neck. This
				injury results from direct trauma or landing on the foot after a fall
				from a great height. These fractures can lead to <b>avascular necrosis</b>
				of the talus body because its blood supply passes through the neck.</p></div>
			    <p class="textfl">
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / 
				<span id="bookSubTitle">Skeletal System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>