<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Lungs: Medial Views</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Lungs: Medial Views">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Lungs: Medial Views</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Lungs: Medial Views" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Lungs: Medial Views</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
		
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> The <b>hilum</b> of each lung is the point where the pulmonary
				vessels, bronchi, lymphatics, and nerves enter or leave the lung. At
				the hilum and along the pulmonary ligament, the visceral pleura
				reflects from the lung surface to become the parietal pleura lining
				the mediastinum and inner aspect of the thoracic wall.</p>
				<p class="text">
				Viewed from the hilum of each lung, the bronchi generally lie posteriorly, the pulmonary arteries superiorly, and the pulmonary veins anteriorly and inferiorly. Arteries leaving the right side of the heart (right ventricle) are passing to the lungs to be oxygenated (blue), while the pulmonary veins returning to the left side of the heart carry oxygenated blood from the lungs.</p>
				<p class="text">
				The right lung has superior, middle, and inferior lobes, demarcated by
				the horizontal and oblique fissures. The left lung has a superior lobe
				and an inferior lobe.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>
				<p class="textfl"> Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer-related deaths
				and is associated consistently with a 20- to 30-year history of
				smoking. Lung cancers are highly invasive and rapidly metastasizing
				tumors. <b>Adenocarcinoma</b> and <b>squamous cell carcinoma</b> are
				the most common types of lung cancer.</p>
			</div>
			<p class="textfl">
				<b>Thorax</b> / Respiratory System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>