<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Prevertebral Muscles</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Prevertebral Muscles">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Prevertebral Muscles</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Prevertebral Muscles" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Prevertebral Muscles</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
		
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin (Superior Attachment)</h3>
				<p class="textfl">The scalenus anterior arises from the anterior tubercles of the transverse processes of C3–C6 vertebrae. The scalenus medius and scalenus posterior arise from the posterior tubercles of the transverse processes of C2–C7 (middle) and C4–C6 (posterior).</p>
<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion (Inferior Attachment)</h3>
<p class="textfl"> The scalenus anterior attaches to 
the scalene tubercle of the 1st rib. The scalenus medius attaches 
to the superior surface of the 1st rib. The scalenus posterior 
attaches to the external border of the 2nd rib.</p>
<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3>
<p class="textfl"> The scalenus anterior and scalenus medius elevate the 1st 
rib. When that rib is fixed, they also flex the neck forward and 
laterally and rotate it to the opposite side. The scalenus posterior 
raises the 2nd rib and flexes and slightly rotates the neck.</p>
<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3>
<p class="textfl">The scalenus anterior is innervated by C5–C7 anterior rami; the scalenus medius, by C3–C8 anterior rami; and the scalenus posterior, by anterior rami of C6–C8..</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment:</h3> The scalenus muscles are often called <b>lateral vertebral muscles.</b> They form a large portion of the floor of the posterior cervical triangle. Components of the brachial plexus can be seen emerging between the scalenus anterior and scalenus medius muscles.
						
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>
				<p class="textfl">The scalenus muscles are accessory muscles of respiration and help elevate the first two ribs during deep or labored breathing. They form a portion of the floor of the posterior cervical triangle and are crossed by the accessory nerve (CN XI) as it passes between the sternocleidomastoid and trapezius muscles. The phrenic nerve (C3–C5) is observed on the anterior surface of the scalenus anterior muscle; it courses inferiorly toward the diaphragm, which it innervates. <b>Trauma</b> to the neck can damage these nerves.</p>
			</div>
			<p class="textfl">
				<b>Head and Neck</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>