<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Gallbladder and Extrahepatic Bile Ducts</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Gallbladder and Extrahepatic Bile Ducts">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Gallbladder and Extrahepatic Bile Ducts</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Gallbladder and Extrahepatic Bile Ducts" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Gallbladder and Extrahepatic Bile Ducts</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">
						<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>


						 <p class="textfl"><b>Bile</b> leaves the liver by the right and left hepatic ducts,
							draining into a common hepatic duct. The latter drains via the cystic
							duct into the gallbladder, which concentrates and stores bile. When
							stimulated by autonomic nerves and cholecystokinin, the gallbladder
							contracts, sending bile down the cystic duct. The bile flows through
							the common bile duct to the major duodenal papilla, which empties
							into the descending duodenum. At this location, the common bile
							duct joins the main pancreatic duct to form the hepatopancreatic
							ampulla of Vater.</p>

						<div class="commentParagraph">
							<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>

							<p class="textfl"><b>Gallstones</b> occur in 10% to 20% of adults; risk factors
							include increased age, obesity, and being female. About 80% of
							gallstones are cholesterol stones, and about 20% are pigment
							(bilirubin calcium salts) stones. Gallstones can block the flow of bile
							from the gallbladder to the duodenum and cause inflammation
							(<b>cholecystitis</b>) or block the hepatopancreatic ampulla and impede
							exocrine secretion from the pancreas. The pain of acute cholecystitis (biliary colic) may be felt in the right upper abdominal quadrant,
							radiating laterally just beneath the right breast to the back just
							below the inferior angle of the right scapula If bile flow is completely obstructed, it can enter the blood and cause <b>obstructive
							jaundice</b>.</p>
						</div>
						<p>
							<b>Abdomen</b> / Digestive System<!-- <span
								style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
						</p>
					</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>