<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Shoulder Muscles</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Shoulder Muscles">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Shoulder Muscles</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Shoulder Muscles" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Shoulder Muscles</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
						<div class="dialog_body">			
			 



			 <h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin (proximal)</h3>

			  <p class="textfl"><b>Latissimus dorsi muscle</b> arises from a broad 
				aponeurosis of the posterior layer of the thoracolumbar fascia, from 
				the spinous processes of the lower six thoracic vertebrae and the 
				five lumbar vertebrae, and by fleshy digitations of the caudal-most 
				three or four ribs. The muscle also may attach to the iliac crest.</p>
				


				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion (distal)</h3>


				 <p class="textfl">The fibers of the latissimus dorsi muscle converge 
				as the muscle curves around the lower border of the teres major and 
				twists on itself. They end as a tendon that inserts into the intertubercular groove of the humerus.</p>



				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3>


				 <p class="textfl">Extends, adducts, and medially rotates the humerus (arm).</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3> 

				<p class="textfl">Thoracodorsal nerve (C6-C8).</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3> 

				<p class="textfl">With the upper extremity fixed, the latissimus dorsi
				elevates the trunk when the arms are stretched above the head, as
				when reaching up while climbing.</p>

				<p class="text">The origin of the muscle from the thoracic vertebrae and lower ribs
				may vary.</p>
				
				<p class="text">The blood supply is by the thoracodorsal artery, a branch of the
				subscapular artery (which arises from the axillary artery).</p>


			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p> 

				<p class="textfl">The latissimus dorsi is <b>tested clinically</b> by having the
				patient raise the arm horizontal to the body with the elbow flexed,
				as if signaling someone to &#x201c;stop.&#x201d; Then the patient is asked to
				adduct the arm against resistance to test the muscle&#x2019;s strength
				and the integrity of the thoracodorsal nerve. The muscle can also
				be felt to contract over the patient&#x2019;s back when the patient is
				asked to cough.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Upper Limb</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>