<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Extrinsic Eye Muscles</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Extrinsic Eye Muscles">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Extrinsic Eye Muscles</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Extrinsic Eye Muscles" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Extrinsic Eye Muscles</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
				
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin</h3>

				 <p class="textfl"> Arises from the lesser wing of the sphenoid bone, anterior and superior to the optic canal.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion</h3>

				 <p class="textfl"> Attaches to the skin and tarsal plate of the upper eyelid.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3>

				 <p class="textfl"> Raises the upper eyelid.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3>

				 <p class="textfl"> Oculomotor nerve (CN III). At the distal end of this muscle, near its attachment to the tarsal plate, is a small amount of smooth muscle called the <b>superior tarsal muscle</b>. The fibers of the superior tarsal muscle are supplied by postganglionic sympathetic fibers of the autonomic nervous system.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>

				 <p class="textfl"> Because of the dual nature of the levator palpebrae superioris muscle (it is skeletal and has a small smooth muscle component), drooping of the upper eyelid can result from a nerve lesion affecting the oculomotor nerve or the sympathetic fibers. This drooping is called ptosis.</p>


			<div class="commentParagraph">
            <p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>

                  <p class="textfl"><b>Ptosis</b> can result from nerve damage at two different sites. Damage to the oculomotor nerve (CN III) can result in paralysis of the levator palpebrae superioris and significant ptosis. Damage anywhere along the sympathetic pathway from the upper thoracic sympathetic outflow to the head, the cervical sympathetic trunk, or the superior cervical ganglion and beyond can result in denervation of the small tarsal muscle (smooth muscle) that is found at the free distal margin of the levator palpebrae superioris muscle. This will result in a mild ptosis: the ipsilateral upper eyelid droops, but only slightly.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Head and Neck</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	
</div>
</body>

</html>