<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Intrinsic Muscles of Back: Superficial Layers</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Intrinsic Muscles of Back: Superficial Layers">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Intrinsic Muscles of Back: Superficial Layers</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Intrinsic Muscles of Back: Superficial Layers" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Intrinsic Muscles of Back: Superficial Layers</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin:</b> The <b>splenius capitis</b> and <b>splenius colli muscles</b> blend together and arise from the ligamentum nuchae and the spinous processes of the C7-T6 vertebrae (capitis from C7-T3 and colli from T3-T6).<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion:</b> Capitis fibers insert into the mastoid process of the temporal bone and the lateral third of the superior nuchal line of the occipital bone. The colli fibers ascend to attach to the transverse processes of the C1-C3 vertebrae and the posterior tubercle of C3.<br /><br />

	            <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Acting with their opposite partners, the splenius capitis and splenius colli extend the head and neck. Acting unilaterally, they laterally bend the head and neck to the side of the contraction.<br /><br />

	            <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> The capitis is innervated by the posterior rami of the middle cervical spinal nerves. The colli is innervated by the posterior rami of the lower cervical spinal nerves.<br /><br />

				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The splenius capitis and splenius colli form the superficial layer of intrinsic back muscles. Generally, <b>intrinsic back muscles</b> are innervated by posterior rami of spinal nerves. The semispinalis capitis and erector spinae muscles also are deep intrinsic muscles.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> As intrinsic muscles that extend the neck, these muscles can be involved in neck pain. This pain may be a result of simple <b>muscle tension</b>, holding one&#x2019;s neck in an unusual fixed position for a long period of time (when awake or asleep), or hyperextension. <b>Spasm</b> (a reflexive cramping) of the muscle may eventually produce ischemia in the muscle, adding to the pain.
				</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Back and Spinal Cord</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			<!-- <p>
			<b>Head and Neck</b> / Skeletal System<span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic">Atlas Plate 11
				<br/></span>
		    </p> -->		
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>