<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Pharynx: Opened Posterior View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Pharynx: Opened Posterior View">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Pharynx: Opened Posterior View</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Pharynx: Opened Posterior View" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Pharynx: Opened Posterior View</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The pharynx consists of the nasopharynx, oropharynx,
				and laryngopharynx. The <b>nasopharynx</b> lies directly behind the nasal
				cavities, or choanae. The <b>oropharynx</b> lies between the soft palate
				and epiglottis, directly behind the oral cavity. The <b>laryngopharynx</b>
				(also called the hypopharynx) is the lower portion of the pharynx; it
				lies between the epiglottis and the beginning of the esophagus.<br /><br />
				During swallowing, food moves from the oral cavity into the
				oropharynx, prompting the soft palate to rise and seal off the
				nasopharynx. The epiglottis bends downward while the laryngeal
				apparatus moves upward, closing off the laryngeal inlet. The bolus of
				food cascades around the epiglottis and passes through the piriform
				fossae to enter the upper esophagus.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> Small bones (fish bones) can become lodged in the aryepiglottic folds, causing great pain and a feeling of <b>choking</b> or <b>gagging</b>. Caution must be exercised when removing the bone so as not to damage the underlying mucosa because the internal branch of the superior laryngeal nerve (sensory to the laryngopharynx and larynx above the vocal folds) lies just beneath this mucosa.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Head and Neck</b> / Respiratory System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>