<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Forearm Muscles</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Forearm Muscles">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Forearm Muscles</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Forearm Muscles" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Forearm Muscles</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal): Brachioradialis muscle</b> arises from proximal 
			two-thirds of the lateral supracondylar ridge of the distal humerus and intermuscular septum.<br /><br />
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Brachioradialis muscle inserts on the lateral aspect 
			of the distal radius just proximal to the styloid process.<br /><br />
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Brachioradialis muscle is an accessory flexor of the forearm at the elbow when the elbow is midpronated.<br /><br />
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Radial nerve (C5 and C6), before it divides into its 
			superficial and deep branches.<br /><br />
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment:</b> The brachioradialis muscle is a unique muscle in that it is a muscle of the posterior compartment of the forearm (innervated by the radial nerve) but is not an extensor or supinator. It is a weak flexor of the forearm at the elbow and is most efficient as a flexor when the forearm is in midpronation.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph"><p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> If one tests forearm flexion against resistance in the midpronated position, the brachioradialis is easily seen as a muscle bulge over the lateral epicondyle of the elbow. Pain over the lateral epicondyle is often referred to as <b>&#x201c;tennis elbow,&#x201d;</b> but this muscle pain, usually from overexertion, can be caused by a number of actions, including playing tennis or golf or lifting heavy objects (e.g., a suitcase) by a handle.</p></div>
			<p>
			<span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>