<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Roof of Mouth</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Roof of Mouth">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Roof of Mouth</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Roof of Mouth" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Roof of Mouth</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin</h3>	
				 <p class="textfl"><b>Levator veli palatini</b> arises from the cartilage of the auditory tube and the petrous portion of the temporal bone.</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion</h3>
				 <p class="textfl">Levator veli palatini attaches to the palatine aponeurosis of the soft palate.</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3>
				 <p class="textfl">Levator veli palatini elevates the soft palate during swallowing and yawning.</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3>
				 <p class="textfl">Vagus nerve (CN X) via its pharyngeal plexus.</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>
				 <p class="textfl">After the soft palate has been tensed by the tensor veli muscle (which hooks around the pterygoid hamulus), the levator elevates the palate. Note the arrangement of these muscles in the figure (posterior view). On the left side of the image the levator veli palatini muscle has been cut near its origin to allow better visualization of the tensor veli palatini muscle.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>
				<p class="textfl" id="nomargin"> The levator elevates the soft palate and can be <b>tested clinically</b> by asking a patient to say &#x201c;ah.&#x201d; By watching the soft palate elevate as this is done, one can look for even, symmetric elevation, indicating that the vagus nerve (CN X) is functioning properly on both sides. If there is damage to the vagus nerve on one side, the soft palate will deviate contralaterally, that is, to the normally functioning side and away from the abnormally functioning side.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Head and Neck</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>