<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Muscles of Forearm</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Muscles of Forearm">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Muscles of Forearm</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Muscles of Forearm" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Muscles of Forearm</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b> The <b>pronator teres</b> has two heads. The humeral head arises immediately above the medial epicondyle from the 
			common flexor tendon, intermuscular septum, and antebrachial 
			fascia. The ulnar head arises from the medial side of the coronoid 
			process of the ulna.<br /><br />
			The <b>pronator quadratus</b> arises from the medial aspect of the 
			anterior surface of the distal one-fourth of the ulna.<br /><br />

			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> The pronator teres inserts about midway along the lateral surface of the radius.<br /><br />
			The pronator quadratus inserts into the distal fourth of the lateral 
			border and anterior surface of the shaft of the radius.<br /><br />

			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> The pronator teres rotates the radius on the ulna <b>(pronation)</b> and helps flex the forearm at the elbow.<br /><br />
			The pronator quadratus pronates the hand. It is assisted by the 
			pronator teres when additional power is required.<br /><br />

			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Both muscles are innervated by the median nerve
			(pronator teres—C6 and C7; pronator quadratus—C8 and T1).<br /><br />
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b>The pronator teres is well suited for quick, powerful pronation. The pronator quadratus is the deepest muscle in the forearm, and its contraction is difficult to show.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph"><p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> One clinically tests the pronator teres by grasping the patient&#x2019;s hand with the forearm extended and asking the patient to pronate against resistance (turn the hand downward) while watching the medial epicondyle of the humerus to see if the muscle contracts.</p></div>
			<p>
			<span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>