<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Shoulder Muscles</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Shoulder Muscles">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Shoulder Muscles</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Shoulder Muscles" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Shoulder Muscles</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal): Pectoralis major</b> arises from the sternal half of 
				the clavicle, the upper half of the sternum, and the aponeurosis of 
				the external abdominal oblique muscle.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal): </b>The fibers converge toward the anterior wall of the 
				axilla. All three parts of the muscle (clavicular, sternal, and abdominal) end 
				as a flat tendon inserted into the intertubercular groove of the humerus.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action: </b>The primary action is adduction of the arm at the shoulder. 
				The pectoralis major is also a medial rotator of the humerus, and its 
				clavicular portion helps flex the shoulder and adduct the humerus 
				medially across the midline. The sternocostal portion, along with the 
				latissimus dorsi and teres major muscles, can extend—against resistance—the flexed humerus to the side of the trunk.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Medial and lateral pectoral nerves (C5-C8 and T1).<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment:</b> The converging fibers of this fan-shaped muscle course
				toward the insertion on the humerus, forming the anterior boundary
				of the <b>axilla</b>.<br /><br />
				The thoracoacromial and lateral thoracic arteries supply the
				pectoralis major.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"> <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The pectoralis major (sternocostal portion) is tested
				clinically by having the patient adduct (move toward the body) the
				arm from a position of 45&#xb0; lateral to the body wall with the elbow
				flexed. One can place a hand on the elbow and provide resistance
				against this adduction to test the muscle's strength and the
				integrity of the pectoral nerves.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>