<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Intrinsic Muscles of Back</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Intrinsic Muscles of Back">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Intrinsic Muscles of Back</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Intrinsic Muscles of Back" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Intrinsic Muscles of Back</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin (Inferior Attachment)</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">The <b>semispinalis capitis muscle</b> arises by a series of tendons from the transverse processes of the first six or seven thoracic vertebrae and the lower cervical vertebra.</p>


				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion (Superior Attachment)</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">This broad muscle inserts between the superior and inferior nuchal lines of the occipital bone.</p>


				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">Extends the head and cervical spine, and rotates the head so that the face turns toward the opposite side.</p>


				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">Posterior rami of cervical spinal nerves.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">The semispinalis capitis is one of three groups of semispinalis muscles. The other two are the colli and thoracis groups. The semispinalis capitis muscle covers the semispinalis colli muscle. Muscles numbered 3 to 6 in the list are suboccipital muscles, innervated by the suboccipital nerve (C1 posterior ramus).</p>

				 <p class="text">The semispinalis muscles (capitis, colli, and thoracis components) are part of the <b>transversospinal muscle group</b>, which is situated deep to the erector spinae and fills the concave region between the transverse and spinous processes of the vertebrae. This group of muscles sometimes is referred to clinically as the paravertebral muscles.</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>

				<p class="textfl">These deep intrinsic muscles of the neck may become strained with excessive movements of the neck or when the neck is kept fixed in one position for a long time.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Back and Spinal Cord</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>