<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
								<div class="dialog_body">			
				<p id="commentText"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b> <b>Gluteus medius muscle</b> arises from the lateral
				surface of the ilium between the anterior and posterior gluteal lines.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Gluteus medius muscle inserts into the greater
				trochanter of the femur.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> The gluteus medius muscle is a strong abductor and medial
				rotator of the thigh at the hip joint. It also steadies the pelvis on the
				leg when the opposite leg is raised off the ground.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Superior gluteal nerve (L5 and S1).<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The gluteus medius is a broad, thick, fan-shaped muscle that, along with the gluteus minimus, is the <b>chief abductor</b> of the hip and medial rotator.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The gluteus medius and minimus collectively are tested clinically with the patient in the supine position and the lower limb extended (straight). The examiner holds the ankle laterally and asks the patient to abduct (move laterally) the limb against this resistance. Medial rotation is tested in the supine position by having the patient internally (medially) rotate the thigh against resistance with the lower limb flexed at the hip and knee.<br /><br /> <b>Intragluteal injections</b> should be administered in the upper outer (superolateral) quadrant of the buttocks to avoid injury to the large sciatic nerve.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>