<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Muscles of Leg (Superficial Dissection)</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Muscles of Leg (Superficial Dissection)">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Muscles of Leg (Superficial Dissection)</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Muscles of Leg (Superficial Dissection)" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Muscles of Leg (Superficial Dissection)</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
                <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b> <b>Extensor digitorum longus muscle</b> arises from 
				the lateral condyle of the tibia, most of the upper anterior surface of 
				the body of the fibula, and the interosseous membrane.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> After passing beneath the superior and inferior 
				extensor retinacula, the extensor digitorum longus tendon divides into 
				four slips that insert into the middle and distal phalanges of toes 2 
				through 5.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Extensor digitorum longus muscle extends the proximal 
				phalanges of the lateral four toes and is a dorsiflexor of the foot at 
				the ankle.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Deep fibular nerve (L5 and S1).<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The penniform extensor digitorum longus muscle lies in
				the lateral part of the anterior compartment of the leg. Variations are
				frequent. Although described as dividing into four slips, or small
				tendons, it may send multiple slips to the toes.<br /><br />

				There is also an <b>extensor digitorum brevis muscle</b> on the dorsum
				of the foot. It sends three small muscle slips to toes 2, 3, and 4. This
				muscle helps the extensor digitorum longus extend the toes. It is
				also innervated by the deep fibular nerve.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The extensor digitorum longus muscle is tested clinically
				by having the patient dorsiflex (extend) the four lateral toes against
				resistance.<br /><br />

				<b>Anterior (tibial) compartment syndrome</b> (known as an anterior or
				a lateral <b>"shin splint"</b>) occurs from excessive contraction of anterior
				compartment muscles. Pain radiates down the ankle and dorsum of
				the foot overlying the extensor tendons of these muscles.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> /
				<span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>