<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Muscles of Thigh: Anterior View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Muscles of Thigh: Anterior View">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Muscles of Thigh: Anterior View</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Muscles of Thigh: Anterior View" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Muscles of Thigh: Anterior View</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin (proximal)</h3>
			<p class="textfl"> This large, triangular <b>adductor magnus muscle</b>
				arises from the inferior ramus of the pubis, the ramus of the ischium,
				and the ischial tuberosity.</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion (distal)</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> Inserts into the gluteal tuberosity, linea aspera,
				medial supracondylar line, and adductor tubercle of the femur. The
				portion inserting on the supracondylar line is called the <b>adductor
				portion</b>. The portion inserting on the adductor tubercle of the femur
				is called the <b>hamstring portion</b>.</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> This muscle is a powerful adductor of the thigh at the hip. Its
				superior portion weakly flexes and medially rotates the thigh. Its
				lower portion helps extend and laterally rotate the thigh.</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> The adductor portion is innervated by the obturator
				nerve (L2–L4). The hamstring portion is innervated by the tibial
				portion of the sciatic nerve (L4).</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> The most superior portion of the <b>adductor magnus</b> is called the <b>adductor minimus</b> if it forms a distinct muscle, as seen in this plate.</p>
				<p class="text"> The lowest portion of the muscle contains an opening called the <b>adductor hiatus,</b> which allows the femoral vessels to pass into the popliteal fossa.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>
				<p class="textfl"> The adductor magnus, or one or more of the other adductors, helps to keep the lower limb positioned under the body&#x2019;s center of gravity (prevents one from doing the &#x201c;splits&#x201d;) and may be easily stretched or torn when forcefully contracted, leading to a <b>groin injury.</b></p></div>
			<p class="textfl">
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>