<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Extrinsic Muscles of Back</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Extrinsic Muscles of Back">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Extrinsic Muscles of Back</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Extrinsic Muscles of Back" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Extrinsic Muscles of Back</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
			    <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin:</b> The <b>rhomboid minor muscle</b> arises from the ligamentum nuchae and the spinous processes of the C7 and T1 vertebrae. The <b>rhomboid major muscle</b> arises from the supraspinous ligaments and the spinous processes of the T2-T5 vertebrae.<br /><br />

				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion:</b> The fibers of these two muscles often blend together and attach to the medial border of the scapula. The rhomboid minor also attaches to the smooth triangular surface at the medial end of the spine of the scapula.<br /><br />

				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> These muscles retract the scapula and rotate it to depress the glenoid cavity. They also fix the scapula to the thoracic wall. They assist in forcibly lowering the raised upper limb.<br /><br />

				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Dorsal scapular nerve (C4 and C5).<br /><br />

				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment:</b> The rhomboid minor and rhomboid major muscles are <b>superficial back muscles</b>. Most superficial back muscles have attachments to the scapula and are involved with movements of the upper limb. The rhomboid major is about two times wider than the rhomboid minor.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> Damage to the dorsal scapular nerve can weaken the rhomboid muscles, resulting in an ipsilateral shift of the scapula as the pull of the other scapular muscles draws the bone toward the shoulder <b>(winged scapula)</b>. The rhomboids may be tested clinically by having the patient place the hands posteriorly on the hips and then push the elbows posteriorly against resistance.
				</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Back and Spinal Cord</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>