<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Muscles of Leg (Deep Dissection): Posterior</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Muscles of Leg (Deep Dissection): Posterior">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Muscles of Leg (Deep Dissection): Posterior</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Muscles of Leg (Deep Dissection): Posterior" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Muscles of Leg (Deep Dissection): Posterior</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
	
             <h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin (proximal)</h3>

              <p class="textfl"><b>Tibialis posterior muscle</b> arises from the 
			posterior surface of the interosseous membrane, the posterior 
			aspect of the tibia inferior to the soleal line, and the posterior surface 
			of the fibula.</p>

			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion (distal)</h3>

			 <p class="textfl">Tibialis posterior muscle inserts on the tuberosity 
			of the navicular bone; the plantar surfaces of the cuboid and 
			cuneiform bones; and the bases of the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th metatarsals.</p>

			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3>

			 <p class="textfl">Tibialis posterior muscle plantarflexes the foot at the ankle 
			and inverts the foot when the foot is not bearing weight.</p>

			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3>

			 <p class="textfl">Tibial nerve (L4–L5).</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">When the foot is bearing weight, the tibialis posterior,
				along with several other muscles, helps distribute the weight on the
				foot and helps maintain balance.</p>


			<div class="commentParagraph">
            <p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>

            <p class="textfl">One can test the tibialis posterior muscle by having the
				patient invert the foot against resistance.</p>

				<p class="text">The term <b>&#x201c;shin splints&#x201d;</b> refers to pain along the inner or medial
				distal two-thirds of the tibial shaft and is a common syndrome in
				athletes. The primary cause is repetitive pulling of the tibialis
				posterior tendon as one pushes off the foot during running. Stress
				on the muscle occurs at its attachment proximally to the tibia and
				interosseous membrane. <b>Anterior compartment syndrome</b>
				(anterior shin splints) involves the tibialis anterior muscle.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>