<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Anterior Thoracic Wall: Internal View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Anterior Thoracic Wall: Internal View">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Anterior Thoracic Wall: Internal View</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Anterior Thoracic Wall: Internal View" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Anterior Thoracic Wall: Internal View</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
		
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> Each innermost intercostal arises from the lower border of a
				rib. The transversus thoracis arises from the posterior surface of the
				lower portion of the body of the sternum and the xiphoid process.</p>
				
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> Each innermost intercostal attaches to the upper border of
				the rib below its origin. The transversus thoracis attaches to the inner
				surfaces of costal cartilages 2 to 6.</p>
				
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> The action of the innermost intercostals is controversial, but
				these muscles are thought to depress the ribs. The transversus
				thoracis muscle depresses the ribs.</p>
				
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> Intercostal nerves.</p>
				
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> The innermost intercostal muscles frequently are poorly developed and may be fused to the overlying internal intercostals. They are most prominent on the lateral thoracic wall.
				</p>
				<p class="text">
				The transversus thoracis muscle is variable in its attachments.</p>
				<p class="text">
				All of the intercostal muscles keep the intercostal spaces rigid, preventing them from bulging out during expiration and being drawn in during inspiration.</p>
				<p class="text">
				Note that the internal thoracic arteries also supply blood to the sternum.</p>
				
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>
				<p class="textfl"> <b>Chest trauma</b> can lead to very painful breathing. Injection of a local anesthetic agent into the intercostal space (intercostal nerve block) can relieve this pain. The intercostal neurovascular bundles course between the internal and innermost intercostal muscles in the costal groove of the ribs.</p>
			</div>
			<p class="textfl">
				<b>Thorax</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			<!-- <p class="textfl">
			<b>Head and Neck</b> / Skeletal System<span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic">Atlas Plate 11
				<br/></span>
		    </p> -->		
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>