<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Ear: Frontal Section</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Ear: Frontal Section">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Ear: Frontal Section</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Ear: Frontal Section" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Ear: Frontal Section</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>
				<p class="textfl">The <b>external ear</b> consists of the auricle and the external acoustic meatus.</p>
				<p class="text">The <b>middle ear</b> consists of the tympanic cavity and its three ossicles. The lateral wall of the tympanic cavity is formed by the tympanic membrane (eardrum). The medial wall contains the oval and round windows. The auditory ossicles include the malleus (hammer), incus (anvil), and stapes (stirrup). The middle ear connects to the nasopharynx by the auditory (eustachian) tube. Via the auditory tube, air may enter or leave the middle ear cavity and equalize middle ear pressure with atmospheric pressure.</p>
				<p  class="text">The <b>inner ear</b> consists of the cochlea and the vestibular apparatus. The acoustic apparatus and vestibular apparatus are innervated by CN VIII, the vestibulocochlear nerve.</p> 
				<p  class="text">The external ear is innervated by sensory branches from CN V<sub>3</sub>, CN VII, and CN X. The middle ear is innervated by the glossopharyngeal nerve (CN IX).
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>
				<p class="textfl" id="nomargin">Acute <b>otitis externa,</b> better known as swimmer&#x2019;s ear, is an inflammation or infection of the external ear. Acute <b>otitis media</b> (earache) is an inflammation of the middle ear and is common in children younger than age 15.</p>
				<p class="text">As one ages, the eustachian tube becomes more vertical (differential growth) and drains more easily after an infection.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Head and Neck</b> / Nervous System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>