<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Testis, Epididymis, and Ductus Deferens</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Testis, Epididymis, and Ductus Deferens">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Testis, Epididymis, and Ductus Deferens</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Testis, Epididymis, and Ductus Deferens" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Testis, Epididymis, and Ductus Deferens</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">
					<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>			
			<p class="textfl">The testes are paired gonads that are about the size of a
				chestnut. Each testis contains about 250 lobules, each containing one
				to four seminiferous tubules that are lined with the germinal
				epithelium that gives rise to spermatozoa. The spermatozoa drain into
				the rete testes (straight tubules) and via the efferent ductules into
				the epididymis, where maturation continues until they are ready to be
				secreted. Spermatogenesis takes about 74 days and then 12 more
				days for the sperm to mature and pass through the epididymis. The
				ductus deferens conveys the sperm to the seminal vesicles, where
				they join the seminal vesicle ducts to form the ejaculatory ducts,
				which empty into the prostatic urethra.</p>



			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>

				<p class="textfl" id="nomargin"><b>Testicular tumors</b> are heterogenous neoplasms, 95% of which arise from germ cells and almost all of which are malignant. Of the germ cell tumors, about 60% show mixed histological features. This type of cancer is most common in males from the age of puberty until the mid or late 30s. Risk factors include cryptorchidism (undescended testicle), infertility, family history of testis cancer, inguinal hernia, mumps orchitis, sedentary lifestyle, and environmental exposures. Ninety-five percent are germ cell tumors.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Pelvis and Perineum</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Reproductive and Urinary Systems</span>
				<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>