<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Muscles Involved in Mastication</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Muscles Involved in Mastication">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Muscles Involved in Mastication</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Muscles Involved in Mastication" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Muscles Involved in Mastication</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					
			
			
			<div class="dialog_body">
			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin</h3>				
			<p class="textfl">
				 Medial pterygoid muscle arises from two slips. Its deep head arises from the medial surface of the lateral pterygoid plate and pyramidal process of the palatine bone. Its superficial head arises from the tuberosity of the maxilla.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> The fibers of the medial pterygoid muscle blend to attach to the medial surface of the ramus of the mandible, inferior to the mandibular foramen.</p>
				 <h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> Medial pterygoid muscle helps close the jaw by elevating the mandible. With the lateral pterygoids, the two medial pterygoids protrude the mandible. When one medial and one lateral pterygoid on the same side of the head act together, the mandible is protruded forward and to the opposite side. Alternating these movements moves the mandible from side to side in a grinding motion.</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">Mandibular division of the trigeminal nerve.</p>
				 <h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>

				 <p class="textf">The medial pterygoid is one of the four muscles of mastication. It acts with the temporalis and masseter muscles to close the jaw. The medial pterygoid and masseter muscles are important in biting, but all three muscles are necessary for biting and chewing with the molars. Also labeled are two muscles of the soft palate, one that tenses the palate and one that elevates the soft palate during swallowing.</p>
				 <p class="text">The <b>muscles of mastication</b> are derived embryologically from the first pharyngeal (branchial) arch and are innervated by the mandibular division of the trigeminal nerve (CN V<sub>3</sub>).
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>
				<p id="nomargin">Sometimes individuals clench their teeth and grind their molars while in deep sleep. This grinding action of the pterygoid muscles can erode the teeth, and people suffering from this malady should seek the attention of their health care specialist.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Head and Neck</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>

</body>

</html>