<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin (proximal)</h3> 

				<p class="textfl">The <b>long head of the biceps femoris muscle</b> arises from the ischial tuberosity. The <b>short head of the biceps femoris muscle</b> arises from the linea aspera and lateral supracondylar
				line of the femur.</p>
				
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion (distal)</h3> 

				<p class="textfl">The two heads of the biceps femoris muscle unite,
				and their common tendon inserts on the lateral side of the head of
				the fibula. Just before this attachment, the tendon is split by the
				fibular collateral ligament of the knee.</p>
				
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3> 

				<p class="textfl">The biceps femoris flexes the leg at the knee, and,
				after the knee is flexed, the muscle rotates the tibia laterally from the
				femur. The long head (but not the short head) also extends the thigh
				at the hip.</p>
				
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3> 

				<p class="textfl">The long head is innervated by the sciatic nerve, tibial
				division (L5, S1–S2). The short head is innervated by the sciatic
				nerve, common fibular (peroneal) division (L5, S1–S2).</p>
				
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3> 

				<p class="textfl">The long head of the biceps femoris is one of the three
				muscles making up the <b>hamstrings</b>. Similar to the other two
				hamstring muscles, the long head of the biceps femoris extends the
				thigh at the hip and flexes the leg at the knee. The long head also
				laterally rotates the leg at the knee.</p>
				

				<p class="text">The short head of the biceps femoris does not cross two joints and
				is not innervated by the tibial division of the sciatic nerve.</p>			
			

			<div class="commentParagraph">
              <p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>

              <p class="textfl">The hamstrings are collectively tested by having the
				supine patient flex the limb 90<sup>°</sup> at the hip and knee and then
				further flex the knee against resistance.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / 
				<span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>