<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Shoulder Muscles</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Shoulder Muscles">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Shoulder Muscles</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Shoulder Muscles" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Shoulder Muscles</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin (proximal)</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">The <b>teres minor</b> originates from the lateral border 
				of the scapula. The <b>teres major</b> arises from the dorsal surface of the 
				inferior angle of the scapula.</p>


				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion (distal)</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">The teres minor inserts into the inferior facet on 
				the greater tubercle of the humerus. The teres major inserts into the 
				medial lip of the intertubercular groove of the humerus.</p>


				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">The teres minor rotates the arm laterally and weakly adducts 
				the arm at the shoulder. Similar to the other three rotator cuff muscles, 
				it draws the humerus toward the glenoid fossa, strengthening the 
				shoulder joint. The teres major helps extend the arm from the flexed 
				position, and it adducts and medially rotates the arm at the shoulder.</p>


				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">The teres minor is supplied by the axillary nerve (C5 and 
				C6), whereas the teres major is innervated by the lower subscapular 
				nerve (C5 and C6).</p>


				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>

				 <p class="textfl"> The teres minor is one of the four <b>rotator cuff muscles</b>,
				and it helps stabilize the shoulder joint. Often, it is inseparable from
				the infraspinatus muscle.</p>


			    <div class="commentParagraph">
                <p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>  

                <p class="textfl">The teres major is tested clinically by having the patient
				adduct the horizontally elevated arm against resistance while
				viewing the contraction of the muscle as it passes from the
				scapula to the humerus. The integrity of the subscapular nerve is
				also tested by this action.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>