<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Valves and Fibrous Skeleton of Heart</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Valves and Fibrous Skeleton of Heart">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Valves and Fibrous Skeleton of Heart</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Valves and Fibrous Skeleton of Heart" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Valves and Fibrous Skeleton of Heart</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">
						<p>
							<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The 1st heart sound (&#x201c;lub&#x201d;) is caused by closure of the
							tricuspid and mitral valves at the onset of <b>ventricular systole</b>. The
							2nd heart sound (&#x201c;dub&#x201d;) is caused by closure of the aortic and
							pulmonary valves at the onset of <b>ventricular diastole</b>.<br /><br />

							The <b>pulmonary valve</b> is a semilunar valve with three leaflets. Usinga stethoscope, this valve is best heard over the left second intercostal
							space, just lateral to the sternum. The<b> aortic valve</b> also is a semilunar
							valve with three leaflets. Closure of this valve is best heard over the
							right second intercostal space just lateral to the sternum.<br /><br />

							The<b> mitral (bicuspid, or left atrioventricular) valve</b> has two
							leaflets. Its closure at the onset of ventricular systole is best heard in
							the left fifth intercostal space, at the midclavicular line. The <b>tricuspid
							(right atrioventricular) valve</b>  has three leaflets. Its sound is best
							heard over the lower portion of the body of the sternum.<br /><br />
							
							The wall of the heart is composed principally of cardiac muscle and a
							fibrous skeleton that provides attachment points for some of the
							cardiac muscle fibers and each heart valve.
						</p>

						<div class="commentParagraph">
							<p id="nomargin">
							<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The heart valve leaflets are <b>avascular</b> and receive their
							nutrients and oxygen by diffusion from the blood flowing through
							a valve.
							</p>
						</div>
						<p>
							<b>Thorax</b> / Cardiovascular System<!-- <span
								style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
						</p>
					</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>