<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin (proximal)</h3> 



			<p class="textfl"><b>Semimembranosus muscle</b> arises by a thick
				tendon from the ischial tuberosity.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion (distal)</h3> 



				<p class="textfl">The tendon of the semimembranosus muscle
				inserts on the posteromedial aspect of the medial condyle of the
				tibia. The tendon of insertion also gives rise to a lateral expansion
				into the knee joint capsule, forming much of the <b>oblique popliteal
				ligament</b>. A few fascial expansions may reinforce the medial patellar
				retinaculum.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3> 



				<p class="textfl">The muscle flexes the leg at the knee and rotates the flexed
				leg medially. It also extends the thigh at the hip joint. With the hip
				and knee flexed, it extends the trunk.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3> 



				<p class="textfl">Sciatic nerve, tibial division (L5, S1–S2).</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3> 



				<p class="textfl">The semimembranosus is one of the three muscles making
				up the hamstrings. Although the muscle is tendinous at its origin and its
				insertion, the middle portion is long and flat, resembling a membrane.</p>
							
			<div class="commentParagraph">
             <p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>

             <p class="textfl">The <b>hamstrings</b> are collectively tested by having the
				supine patient flex the limb 90<sup>°</sup> at the hip and knee and then
				further flex the knee against resistance. Hamstring muscle pulls or
				tears are common athletic injuries. They occur especially commonly
				just as the heel of the foot hits the ground and the muscles are
				maximally stretched (knee extension and hip flexion).</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>