<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Subclavian Artery</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Subclavian Artery">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Subclavian Artery</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Subclavian Artery" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Subclavian Artery</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> The <b>subclavian artery</b> is divided into three parts relative
				to the anterior scalenus muscle. The first part is medial to the
				muscle, the second is behind the muscle, and the third is lateral.
				Branches of the subclavian artery include the vertebral artery and
				internal thoracic (mammary) artery, thyrocervical and costocervical
				trunks, and dorsal scapular artery.</p>
				<p class="text">
				The <b>vertebral artery</b> ascends through the C6–T1 transverse foramina
				and enters the foramen magnum. The internal thoracic descends
				parasternally. The <b>thyrocervical trunk</b> supplies the thyroid gland
				(inferior thyroid artery), the lower region of the neck (transverse
				cervical artery), and the dorsal scapular region (suprascapular artery).
				The <b>costocervical trunk</b> supplies the deep neck (deep cervical
				artery) and several intercostal spaces (supreme intercostal artery).
				The dorsal scapular branch is inconstant; it may arise from the
				transverse cervical artery.</p>
						
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>
				<p class="textfl"> The branches of the subclavian artery <b>anastomose</b> with branches of the axillary artery around the shoulder joint, with branches of the thoracic aorta (intercostal branches) along the rib cage, across the midline of the neck and face via branches from both external carotid arteries, and with the internal carotid arteries and the vertebral branches (circle of Willis on the brainstem). These
				interconnections are important if the vasculature in one region is compromised.</p>
			</div>
			<p class="textfl">
				<b>Head and Neck</b> / Cardiovascular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>