<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Muscles of Leg (Superficial Dissection)</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Muscles of Leg (Superficial Dissection)">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Muscles of Leg (Superficial Dissection)</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Muscles of Leg (Superficial Dissection)" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Muscles of Leg (Superficial Dissection)</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b> <b>Tibialis anterior muscle</b> arises from the lateral 
				condyle and superior half of the lateral surface of the tibia and from 
				the interosseous membrane.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Tibialis anterior muscle inserts into the medial and 
				inferior surfaces of the medial cuneiform tarsal and the base of the 
				1st metatarsal.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Tibialis anterior muscle dorsiflexes the foot at the ankle and 
				inverts the foot at the subtalar and midtarsal joints.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Deep fibular nerve (L4–L5).<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment:</b> The tibialis anterior is the largest muscle in the anterior 
				compartment of the leg. In general, muscles of this compartment 
				dorsiflex (extend) the foot at the ankle and extend the toes. 
				Their blood supply comes largely from the anterior tibial artery 
				and its branches.</p>		
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The tibialis anterior muscle is clinically tested by having
				the patient dorsiflex the foot against resistance. The muscle tendon
				and belly will be evident over the anterior leg.<br /><br />

				<b>Anterior (tibial) compartment syndrome</b> (known as an
				anterior or a lateral <b>&#x201c;shin splint&#x201d;</b>) occurs from excessive contraction of anterior compartment muscles. Pain radiates down the
				ankle and dorsum of the foot overlying the extensor tendons of
				these muscles.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / 
				<span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>