<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Muscles of Thigh: Anterior View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Muscles of Thigh: Anterior View">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Muscles of Thigh: Anterior View</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Muscles of Thigh: Anterior View" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Muscles of Thigh: Anterior View</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal):</b> Rectus femoris muscle arises by two separate
				heads, a straight head from the anterior inferior iliac spine and a
				reflected head from the ilium just superior to the acetabulum.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> The tendons of origin of the rectus femoris muscle
				combine to form a fusiform muscle belly that inserts into the
				<b>quadriceps tendon.</b> This tendon inserts into the base of the patella
				and, by extension of the patellar ligament, into the tibial tuberosity.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> The rectus femoris muscle acts on the knee through the
				patellar ligament and is an extensor of the leg at the knee joint.
				Because it also crosses the hip joint, it helps the iliopsoas flex the
				thigh at the hip.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Femoral nerve (L2–L4).<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The rectus femoris and the three vastus muscles form the <b>quadriceps femoris complex.</b> These muscles are powerful extensors of the knee. Of the four quadriceps muscles, only the rectus femoris crosses the hip and the knee joints.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The rectus femoris muscle acts in concert with the other three muscles of the quadriceps femoris. It is tested clinically by having the patient extend the leg, flexed at the knee, against resistance. When the thigh is also flexed at the hip during this test, one can see the contraction of the rectus femoris muscle. This muscle may be <b>injured</b> in sporting events where active kicking is required; it is susceptible to injury at its origin (especially the anterior inferior iliac spine).</p></div>
			 <p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
                </div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>