<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Forearm Muscles</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Forearm Muscles">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Forearm Muscles</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Forearm Muscles" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Forearm Muscles</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal): Extensor digitorum muscle</b> arises from lateral epicondyle of the humerus.<br /><br />
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Extensor digitorum muscles insert as extensor expansions of the medial four digits (index finger to little finger).<br /><br />
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Extensor digitorum muscle performs extension at the metacarpophalangeal and interphalangeal joints. This muscle also 
			participates in wrist extension when the fingers are extended.<br /><br />
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Radial nerve (posterior interosseous branch) (C7 and C8).<br /><br />
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The tendons of the extensor digitorum pass through 
			the extensor retinaculum and to the extensor expansions of the 
			medial four digits. Occasionally, this muscle has only three tendons 
			instead of four. Often, the extensor digiti minimi is attached to the 
			extensor digitorum.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph"><p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The extensor digitorum muscle is tested clinically by 
			having the patient extend the fingers against resistance. This is 
			best done as one supports the patient&#x2019;s pronated hand with one 
			hand and provides resistance to the fingers across the metacarpo-phalangeal joints with the other hand. The contracting muscle belly 
			will bulge out along the lateral forearm (little finger side in the 
			pronated position).</p></div>
			<p>
			<span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle"> Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>