<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Metacarpophalangeal and Interphalangeal Ligaments: Anterior View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Metacarpophalangeal and Interphalangeal Ligaments: Anterior View">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Metacarpophalangeal and Interphalangeal Ligaments: Anterior View</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Metacarpophalangeal and Interphalangeal Ligaments: Anterior View" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Metacarpophalangeal and Interphalangeal Ligaments: Anterior View</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The <b>metacarpophalangeal joints</b> are biaxial condyloid
				synovial joints that participate in flexion and extension, abduction and
				adduction, and circumduction. These joints are reinforced by the
				palmar (volar) ligaments and two collateral ligaments on either side.<br /><br />
				The <b>interphalangeal joints</b> for digits 2 through 5 include a proximal
				interphalangeal joint and a distal interphalangeal joint. These joints are
				uniaxial synovial hinge joints that are reinforced by palmar ligaments
				and two collateral ligaments. They permit flexion and extension. The
				palmar ligaments prevent hyperextension.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph"><p id="nomargin">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> Fractures of the metacarpals can occur from direct blows
				(<b>boxer fractures</b>). They may not only disrupt the bones and
				ligaments but may also affect the pull of the muscle tendons that
				attach to the metacarpals. These fractures need to be carefully set
				so that optimal finger function can be achieved after the injury
				heals, when the patient then undergoes physical therapy.<br /><br />
				A blow by the fist will usually fracture the metacarpal neck rather
				than injure the interphalangeal joints. However, <b>crush injuries</b> of
				the hand may not only fracture the metacarpals but also may
				involve fractures of the proximal and middle phalanges.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Upper Limb</b> / Skeletal System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>