<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Male Pelvic Contents: Superior View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Male Pelvic Contents: Superior View">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Male Pelvic Contents: Superior View</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Male Pelvic Contents: Superior View" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Male Pelvic Contents: Superior View</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle">Male Pelvic Contents: Superior View</h2>			
			<hr />
			<div class="dialog_body">
			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>			
			<p class="textfl" id="commentText">The male peritoneum passes from the anterior abdominal
				wall over the superior surface of the urinary bladder and inferiorly on
				the posterior surface of the bladder. It also passes over the superior
				ends of the seminal vesicles, and it posteriorly lines the <b>rectovesical
				pouch</b>, the space between the rectum and urinary bladder. It then
				reflects onto the superior part of the rectum. Posteriorly and
				superiorly, it becomes the sigmoid mesocolon.</p>

				<p class="text">The testicular vessels and lymphatics lie in a retroperitoneal position
				and course to and from the deep inguinal ring. At the ring, notice the
				retroperitoneal pathway of the ductus deferens as it courses toward
				the seminal vesicle.
			</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>
				<p class="textfl" id="nomargin">Note the retroperitoneal course of the ureters as they
				pass to the urinary bladder. They course beneath the testicular
				vessels but over the iliac vessels. They then pass deep to the
				ductus deferens as they approach the bladder. Surgeons operating
				in the abdominopelvic cavity must be aware of the retroperitoneal
				course of the ureters because they can be easily damaged, leading
				to the <b>extravasation of urine</b> into adjacent retroperitoneal and
				intraperitoneal spaces.</p> </div> 
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Pelvis and Perineum</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Reproductive and Urinary Systems</span>
				<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>