<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Right Ventricle</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Right Ventricle">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Right Ventricle</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Right Ventricle" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Right Ventricle</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> Chordae tendineae connect papillary muscles to the
				cusps of the <b>tricuspid</b>, or right atrioventricular, valve. During
				contraction of the right ventricle, the chordae tendineae prevent the
				valve cusps from everting into the right atrium.<br /><br />
				The <b>septomarginal trabecula</b> (moderator band) of the trabeculae
				carneae connects the interventricular septum to the base of the
				anterior papillary muscle. This band of muscle conveys a portion of
				the atrioventricular right bundle branch conduction system to the
				anterior papillary muscle.<br /><br />
				The <b>interventricular septum</b> is largely muscular, but its superior
				aspect contains a small membranous portion that is a common site
				for ventricular septal defects.
			</p>
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> <b>Ventricular septal defect</b> is the most common congenital
				heart defect. The most common site of occurrence is in the
				perimembranous region of the ventricular septum, just beneath the
				tricuspid and mitral valves. This defect results in a left-to-right
				shunt of blood (because of the higher blood pressure in the left
				heart) and may precipitate congestive heart failure.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Thorax</b> / Cardiovascular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>