<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Posterior View</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin (proximal)</h3>

				<p class="textfl"> The large <b>gluteus maximus muscle</b> arises from
				the posterior gluteal line of the ilium, the dorsal surfaces of the
				sacrum and coccyx, and the sacrotuberous ligament.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion (distal)</h3>

				<p class="textfl"> Most of the gluteus maximus muscle’s fibers
				insert in the iliotibial tract, but some fibers from its lower half attach
				to the gluteal tuberosity of the femur.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3>

				<p class="textfl"> The gluteus maximus muscle is a powerful extensor and
				lateral rotator of the thigh at the hip joint. Its upper fibers may assist
				in abduction of the thigh, whereas the lower fibers adduct the thigh.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3>

				<p class="textfl"> Inferior gluteal nerve (L5, S1–S2).</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>

				<p class="textfl"> The <b>gluteus maximus</b> is the <b>largest muscle in the body</b> and the most powerful extensor of the hip. Although it is used in standing and walking, this muscle is most important as a powerful extensor at the hip when the trunk is being raised from the flexed position. The gluteus maximus is most important in hip extension when a person is rising from a sitting position or climbing stairs.
			</p>			


			<div class="commentParagraph">

				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>


				<p class="textfl"> One tests the gluteus maximus muscle with the patient in a supine position with the leg extended at the knee. The underside of the ankle is held, and the patient is asked to extend the slightly raised limb at the hip against this resistance.
				The gluteus maximus is used for <b>intragluteal injections</b>, as an
				injected drug can be quickly absorbed by its extensive venous
				drainage.
			</p></div>


			<p>
				<b>Lower Limb</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>