<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Pelvic Diaphragm: Male</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Pelvic Diaphragm: Male">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Pelvic Diaphragm: Male</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Pelvic Diaphragm: Male" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Pelvic Diaphragm: Male</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin:</b><b> Levator ani muscle</b> arises from the body of the pubis, the
				arcus tendineus (actually a thickened portion of the obturator fascia)
				of the levator ani, and the ischial spine.<br /><br />

				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion:</b> Attaches to the coccyx, anococcygeal raphe, external anal
				sphincter, walls of the prostate, rectum, anal canal, and central
				tendon of the perineum.<br /><br />

				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> Supports and slightly raises the pelvic floor.<br /><br />

				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Anterior rami of S3 and S4 and perineal branch of the
				pudendal nerve.<br /><br />

				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment:</b> The levator ani has three parts: the puboanalis, the pubococcygeus, and the iliococcygeus muscles. With the coccygeus muscle, the levator ani forms the <b>pelvic diaphragm.</b> <br /><br />
				
				<b>Bipedalism</b> (upright&#x2010;walking on two legs) places greater pressure on the lower pelvic floor, and the coccygeus and levator ani muscles have been &#x201c;co&#x2010;opted&#x201d; for a different use than in quadruped mammals. The muscles once used to tuck the tail between the hind legs (coccygeus) and wag the tail (levator ani) now subserve an important support function during our evolution as bipeds.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"> 
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The levator ani, as part of the pelvic diaphragm, provides an important support structure for the pelvic viscera in both sexes, but especially for the female reproductive viscera. It helps maintain the integrity of the uterus and vagina, as well as support the rectum and assist in defecation by straightening the anorectal junction in both sexes.
			    </p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Pelvis and Perineum</b> / Muscular System<!--<span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span>-->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>