<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Individual Muscles of Forearm</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Individual Muscles of Forearm">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Individual Muscles of Forearm</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Individual Muscles of Forearm" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Individual Muscles of Forearm</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin (proximal): Flexor digitorum profundus muscle </b>arises from the proximal three-fourths of the medial and anterior aspects of the ulna and from the interosseous membrane.<br /><br />
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion (distal):</b> Four tendons of the flexor digitorum profundus attach to the bases of the distal phalanges of the medial four digits 
			(index finger to little finger).<br /><br />
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action:</b> The primary action of the flexor digitorum profundus muscle 
			is flexion of the distal interphalangeal joints. The muscle also 
			produces some flexion at the proximal interphalangeal joints, the 
			metacarpophalangeal joints, and the wrist because its tendons cross 
			those joints.<br /><br />
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation:</b> Proximal to the wrist, the flexor digitorum profundus 
			muscle divides into two parts. The medial part is innervated by the 
			<b>ulnar nerve</b> (C8 and T1). The lateral portion of the muscle is 
			innervated by the anterior interosseous branch of the <b>median nerve</b> (C8 and T1).<br /><br />
			<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The tendons of the flexor digitorum profundus, similar to those of the superficialis, cross the carpal canal and the palm of the hand. The four tendons pass through the slits of the superficialis tendons before attaching to the distal phalanges.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph"><p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The flexor digitorum profundus muscle is tested clinically by having the patient flex the distal interphalangeal joint against resistance as one places the thumb and index finger on the proximal interphalangeal joint of the tested finger to keep it in extension and then holds the tip of the finger to provide resistance to flexion of the distal interphalangeal joint.</p></div>
			<p>
			<span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>