<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Shoulder Muscles</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Shoulder Muscles">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Shoulder Muscles</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Shoulder Muscles" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Shoulder Muscles</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin (proximal)</h3>

				      <p class="textfl"><b>Trapezius muscle</b> arises from external occipital 
				protuberance and medial third of the superior nuchal line of the 
				occipital bone, ligamentum nuchae, and spinous processes of the 
				7th cervical vertebra and all 12 thoracic vertebrae.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion (distal)</h3>

			     <p class="textfl">Superior fibers of the trapezius muscle insert into 
				the posterior border of the lateral third of the clavicle. Middle fibers 
				insert into the medial margin of the acromion and posterior border of 
				the scapular spine. Inferior fibers converge to end in an aponeurosis 
				inserted into the scapular spine.</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3>

			     <p class="textfl">The upper and lower fibers of the trapezius muscle act 
				primarily to rotate the scapula for full abduction of the upper extremity. 
				The upper fibers, acting alone, elevate the shoulder and brace the 
				shoulder girdle when a weight is being carried by the shoulder or 
				hand. Central fibers run horizontally and retract the shoulder. Lower 
				fibers draw the scapula downward. When both muscles act together, 
				the scapula can be adducted and the head drawn directly backward.</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3>

			     <p class="textfl">Motor supply is from the accessory nerve (CN XI). 
				Proprioceptive fibers are from the 3rd and 4th cervical nerves.</p>


				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>

			     <p class="textfl">The trapezius, in contrast to the other shoulder muscles, 
				does not receive nerve fibers from the brachial plexus.</p>


			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>

				<p class="textfl">The trapezius can be tested by having a patient elevate
				the shoulder against resistance (the upper portion of the contracting
				muscle can be felt). This tests the integrity of the accessory
				nerve (CN XI) innervating this muscle.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Upper Limb</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>