<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Mediastinum: Cross Section at Level of T8 Vertebra</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Mediastinum: Cross Section at Level of T8 Vertebra">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Mediastinum: Cross Section at Level of T8 Vertebra</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Mediastinum: Cross Section at Level of T8 Vertebra" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Mediastinum: Cross Section at Level of T8 Vertebra</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">
						
						<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>
						<p class="textfl">    The <b>mediastinum</b> is the region between the two pleural
							cavities. A horizontal line through the sternal angle divides it into a
							superior and an inferior mediastinum. The inferior mediastinum is
							further divided into anterior, middle, and posterior compartments. The
							anterior mediastinum lies just behind the body of the sternum and
							contains remnants of the thymus gland, lymph nodes, fat, and some
							connective tissue. The middle mediastinum contains the pericardium,
							heart, nerves, and roots of the great vessels. The posterior mediastinum is posterior to the pericardium and heart. It contains
							the esophagus, thoracic aorta, azygos system of veins, thoracic duct,
							and nerves.
						</p>

						<div class="commentParagraph">
							<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>
							<p class="textfl">    Note the close relationship of the esophagus to the left
							atrium. With left <b>atrial enlargement</b>, this heart chamber can
							expand posteriorly and partially constrict the esophagus. Posterior
							to the esophagus lies the thoracic duct, which ultimately drains
							lymph into the venous system at the junction of the left internal
							jugular and left subclavian veins.
							</p>
						</div>
						<p class="textfl">   
							<b>Thorax</b> / Cardiovascular System<!-- <span
								style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
						</p>
					</div>



					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>