<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Muscles of Thigh: Anterior View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Muscles of Thigh: Anterior View">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Muscles of Thigh: Anterior View</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Muscles of Thigh: Anterior View" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Muscles of Thigh: Anterior View</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin (proximal)</h3>
				<p class="textfl"><b> Vastus medialis muscle</b> arises from the
				intertrochanteric line and medial lip of the linea aspera of the femur
				and from the medial intermuscular septum.</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion (distal)</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> Vastus medialis muscle inserts into the medial
				border of the quadriceps tendon, but some of its inferior fibers insert
				directly into the medial side of the patella. The patellar ligament
				inserts into the tibial tuberosity.</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> Vastus medialis muscle extends the leg at the knee joint.</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> Femoral nerve (L2–L4).</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> The vastus medialis is one of the four muscles of the quadriceps femoris complex that extends the knee. Similar to the vastus lateralis, the vastus medialis contributes some aponeurotic fibers to the knee joint capsule.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>
				<p class="textfl"> The vastus medialis muscle acts in concert with the other three muscles of the quadriceps femoris. It is tested clinically by having the patient extend the leg, flexed at the knee, against resistance. As with the other two vastus muscles of the quadriceps group, it is difficult to isolate the individual movements of these muscles. A <b>&#x201c;charley horse&#x201d;</b> refers to acute cramping of one or more of the thigh muscles. This may occur at night (nocturnal cramps), because of ischemia, and/or rupture of blood vessels, leading to a hematoma.</p></div>
			<p class="textfl">
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>