<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Knee: Interior (Inferior View)</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Knee: Interior (Inferior View)">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Knee: Interior (Inferior View)</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Knee: Interior (Inferior View)" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Knee: Interior (Inferior View)</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText">
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The knee is surrounded by a thin, fibrous capsule that is
				stabilized by the surrounding muscle attachments and intracapsular
				and extracapsular ligaments. <b>Intracapsular ligaments</b> include the
				anterior and posterior cruciate ligaments, medial and lateral menisci,
				and transverse ligament. <b>Extracapsular ligaments</b> include the medial
				and lateral collateral ligaments, patellar ligament, and arcuate and
				oblique popliteal ligaments.<br /><br />
				Of the two cruciate ligaments, the anterior is the weaker and is most
				taut when the knee is fully extended, preventing hyperextension. The
				posterior cruciate tightens most during flexion of the knee, preventing excessive anterior displacement of the femur on the tibia or
				excessive posterior displacement of the tibia on the femur.</p>			

			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> <b>Rupture</b> of the anterior cruciate ligament is a common
				athletic injury, usually associated with a sharp turn when the knee is
				twisted medially while in extension and the foot is firmly on the
				ground. The <b>anterior drawer test</b> assesses this injury. If the anterior
				cruciate ligament has been injured, the tibia will move anteriorly
				more than 5 mm, indicating a positive test result. The anterior
				cruciate ligament normally limits knee hyperextension. The posterior
				cruciate ligament is most taut during knee hyperflexion.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb </b></span> / 
				<span id="bookSubTitle">Skeletal System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>