<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Nerves of Kidneys, Ureters, and Urinary Bladder</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Nerves of Kidneys, Ureters, and Urinary Bladder">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Nerves of Kidneys, Ureters, and Urinary Bladder</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Nerves of Kidneys, Ureters, and Urinary Bladder" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Nerves of Kidneys, Ureters, and Urinary Bladder</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> A rich plexus of sympathetic nerves arising from the superior mesenteric ganglion courses to the kidneys. <b>Sympathetics</b> to pelvic viscera arise from the superior hypogastric plexus formed below the inferior mesenteric  ganglion. These nerves course on either side of pelvic viscera to the inferior  hypogastric plexus.
				<br /><br />
				<b>Parasympathetic</b> fibers to the kidneys arise from the vagus nerve. Pelvic viscera and lower abdominal viscera receive their parasympathetic fibers from pelvic splanchnic nerves arising from S2, S3, and S4 spinal cord levels.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"> <b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The pain (<b>renal colic</b>) of a renal stone that passes from
				the kidney and into the ureter is usually felt from the loin to the
				groin as the stone works its way toward the urinary bladder in the
				pelvis. Narrow points along this pathway include the ureteropelvic
				junction, mid-ureter where it crosses the iliac vessels, and the
				ureterovesical junction. The pain is conveyed by visceral afferents
				to the corresponding spinal ganglia and then to the spinal cord
				(T11-L2); thus, the pain is localized to these dermatomes.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Abdomen</b> / Nervous System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>