<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Roof of Mouth</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Roof of Mouth">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Roof of Mouth</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Roof of Mouth" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Skull: Anterior View</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> Interdigitating fibers of the levator veli palatini make up most of the <b>soft palate</b>, along with the little uvular muscle.<br /><br />
				The palatoglossal and palatopharyngeal arches contain small slips of muscle (with the same names as the arches) beneath their mucosal surfaces. These thin muscle slips are innervated by the vagus nerve. The <b>palatine tonsil</b> is nestled in the palatine fossa, between these two folds.<br /><br />
				The bucinator lies deep to the oral mucosa of the cheek and helps
				keep food between the molars. This muscle of facial expression is
				innervated by the facial nerve (CN VII).<br />
				Numerous <b>minor salivary glands</b> populate the mucosa lining the
				hard palate.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> If the facial nerve (CN VII) is damaged or dysfunctional, as
				in <b>Bell&#x2019;s palsy</b>, the bucinator will be paralyzed and the patient will
				be unable to suck the cheeks inwardly. If the parasympathetic
				fibers of the facial nerve are damaged (they travel in the lingual
				nerve of CN V<sub>3</sub>), two of the three major salivary glands will be
				denervated (the submandibular and sublingual glands), as will the
				numerous minor salivary glands, also supplied by facial parasympathetic
				nerves. Consequently, the oral mucosa will appear drier than
				normal.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Head and Neck</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>