<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Tongue</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Tongue">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Tongue</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Tongue" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Tongue</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog" tabindex="0">
			
			<h2 id="dialogTitle"> Tongue</h2>			
			<hr />
			<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Origin: </b> <b>Genioglossus muscle</b> arises from the superior part of the mental spine of the mandible.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Insertion: </b> Genioglossus muscle attaches to the dorsum of the tongue and body of the hyoid bone (inferior fibers of the muscle).<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Action: </b> The central fibers of the genioglossus, acting bilaterally, depress the tongue. Acting unilaterally, these central fibers pull the tongue to the opposite side. Its posterior fibers protrude the tongue, as in sticking the tongue out of the mouth.<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Innervation: </b> Hypoglossal nerve (CN XII).<br /><br />
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The genioglossus is one of the three extrinsic muscles of the tongue. These extrinsic muscles move the tongue, whereas the intrinsic muscles change the tongue&#x2019;s shape. <br /><br /> All of the muscles with &#x201c;glossus&#x201d; in their names are innervated by the hypoglossal nerve <i>except</i> the palatoglossus muscle, which is a muscle of both the tongue and soft palate and is innervated by the vagus nerve.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> One can easily test the hypoglossal nerve (CN XII) by asking the patient to &#x201c;stick your tongue out.&#x201d; If <b>ipsilateral damage to the hypoglossal nerve</b> has occurred, the patient&#x2019;s tongue will deviate to the side of the lesion, with the tip of the tongue pointing ipsilaterally. This occurs because of the strong force of pull by the posterior fibers of the contralateral genioglossus, which is unopposed by the paralyzed ipsilateral fibers. This causes the tongue to protrude and then deviate beyond the midline to the unopposed side (side of the nerve lesion). Anesthesiologists pull the mandible forward, thus pulling the genioglossus and tongue forward, to clear the airway and prevent the tongue from shifting posteriorly into the oral pharynx.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Head and Neck</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>