<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Hip Joint: Lateral View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Hip Joint: Lateral View">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Hip Joint: Lateral View</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Hip Joint: Lateral View" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Hip Joint: Lateral View</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>
			<p class="textfl"> The <b>hip joint</b> is a multiaxial ball-and-socket synovial joint
				between the acetabulum and the head of the femur. The acetabular
				labrum deepens the acetabular cavity even farther, and the fibrous
				joint capsule is reinforced by three ligaments. Within the acetabulum,
				the ligament of the head of the femur attaches to the femoral head
				and provides a pathway for a small artery derived from the obturator
				artery.</p>
				<p class="text">
				The hip participates in abduction and adduction, flexion and extension, and rotation and circumduction.</p>
				<p class="text">
				The ligament of the head of the femur contains the acetabular branch
				(artery of the round ligament of the femoral head) that arises from
				the obturator artery.</p>
				<p class="text">
				Blood is supplied to the hip by branches of the medial and
				lateral femoral circumflex arteries, the gluteal arteries, and the
				obturator artery.
			</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>
				<p class="textfl"> In the United States, about 10 in 1000 infants are born
				with a congenital hip dislocation; girls are affected more than boys.
				With early diagnosis and treatment, about 96% of affected children
				have normal hip function. About 60% of affected children are
				firstborn, which may suggest that unstretched uterine and
				abdominal walls limit fetal movement.</p></div>
			<p class="textfl">
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / 
				<span id="bookSubTitle"> Skeletal System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>