<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Extrinsic Eye Muscles</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Extrinsic Eye Muscles">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Extrinsic Eye Muscles</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Extrinsic Eye Muscles" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Extrinsic Eye Muscles</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
				
			<div class="dialog_body">
				
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">The four rectus muscles and the superior oblique arise from a common tendinous ring (anulus of Zinn) on the body of the sphenoid bone. The inferior oblique arises from the floor of the orbit, lateral to the nasolacrimal fossa.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">The four rectus muscles insert into the sclera, just posterior to the cornea. The superior oblique muscle passes forward, and its tendon passes through a fibrous ring (trochlea) and inserts into the sclera deep to the superior rectus muscle. The inferior oblique inserts into the sclera deep to the lateral rectus muscle.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Actions</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">In clinical testing, when the eye is abducted, the superior rectus elevates the globe and the inferior rectus depresses it. When the eye is adducted, the superior oblique depresses the globe and the inferior oblique elevates it. The medial rectus is a pure adductor, whereas the lateral rectus is a pure abductor. The anatomic actions differ from the actions tested for clinical evaluation of the muscles.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">The lateral rectus is innervated by the abducens nerve (CN VI); the superior oblique is innervated by the trochlear nerve (CN IV). All the other rectus muscles and the inferior oblique are innervated by the oculomotor nerve (CN III).
			    </p>
			   
			    <div class="commentParagraph">
                <p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>

			   <p class="textfl"><b>Ipsilateral abducent nerve palsy</b> will result in the patient&#x2019;s inability to fully abduct the ipsilateral eye. <b>Ipsilateral trochlear nerve palsy</b> will result in the patient&#x2019;s inability to adduct and depress the ipsilateral eye, resulting in <b>diplopia</b> (double vision) when going down stairs. <b>Third nerve palsy</b> will result in ptosis, a dilated pupil, and an inability to adduct the eye (at rest, the affected eye will be directed down and out).</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Head and Neck</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	
</div>
</body>

</html>