<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Muscles of Leg (Superficial Dissection)</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Muscles of Leg (Superficial Dissection)">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Muscles of Leg (Superficial Dissection)</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Muscles of Leg (Superficial Dissection)" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Muscles of Leg (Superficial Dissection)</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin (proximal)</h3> 


				<p class="textfl">The <b>extensor hallucis longus muscle</b> arises 
				from the middle portion of the anterior surface of the fibula and the 
				interosseous membrane.</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion (distal)</h3> 


				<p class="textfl">Inserts on the dorsal aspect of the base of the 
				distal phalanx of the big toe.</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3> 


				<p class="textfl">Extends the big toe, assists in dorsiflexion of the foot at the 
				ankle, and is a weak invertor.</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3> 


				<p class="textfl">Deep fibular nerve (L5 and S1).</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3> 


				<p class="textfl">Most of the muscular belly of the <b>extensor hallucis longus</b>
				is covered by the tibialis anterior and the extensor digitorum longus.</p>

				<p class="text">There is also a <b>small extensor hallucis brevis muscle</b> on the
				dorsum of the foot (see Card 7-43). It sends its tendon to the
				proximal phalanx of the big toe. This muscle is innervated by the
				deep fibular nerve and extends the proximal phalanx of the big toe.</p>			
			

			<div class="commentParagraph">
              <p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>

              <p class="textfl">The extensor hallucis longus muscle is clinically tested by 				having the patient dorsiflex (extend) the big toe against resistance. The tendon is seen passing to the great toe.</p>
               <p class="text"><b>Anterior (tibial) compartment syndrome</b> (known as an anterior or a lateral <b>"shin splint"</b>) occurs from excessive contraction of anterior compartment muscles. Pain radiates down the ankle and dorsum of the foot overlying the extensor tendons of these muscles.</p>
                <p class="text">On the dorsum of the foot, just lateral to the tendon of the extensor hallucis longus muscle, one can find the <b>dorsalis pedis (artery) pulse</b>.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> /
				<span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>