<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Superficial Nerves and Veins of Lower Limb: Posterior View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Superficial Nerves and Veins of Lower Limb: Posterior View">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Superficial Nerves and Veins of Lower Limb: Posterior View</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Superficial Nerves and Veins of Lower Limb: Posterior View" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Superficial Nerves and Veins of Lower Limb: Posterior View</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p id="commentText"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The <b>sural nerve</b> is formed by the union of a cutaneous
				nerve from the tibial nerve and a small communicating branch from
				the common fibular nerve. It courses with the small saphenous vein.<br /><br />
				The <b>small saphenous vein</b> receives numerous superficial tributaries.
				Perforating branches from the small saphenous vein and its
				tributaries communicate with deep veins accompanying the tibial
				artery and its branches. The small saphenous vein drains into the
				popliteal vein behind the knee.<br /><br />
				The superficial and deep veins of the lower limb, similar to the veins
				of the upper limb, possess <b>venous valves</b> to aid in venous return to
				the heart against gravity.<br /><br />
				<b>Superficial lymphatics</b> accompany the saphenous veins and their
				tributaries and collect in the popliteal nodes (knee) and superficial
				inguinal nodes (in the saphenous opening). <b>Deep lymphatics</b>
				accompany the deep veins and ultimately collect in the deep inguinal
				nodes and then into the internal iliac nodes of the pelvis.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> Venous stasis can have grave consequences for the veins
				of the lower limb. <b>Deep venous thrombosis (DVT)</b> can result and
				a <b>thromboembolus</b> can pass toward the heart and become lodged
				in the small capillary networks of the lung, obstructing a pulmonary
				artery. Clinical risk factors include postsurgical immobility, muscular
				inactivity, vessel trauma, infection, paralysis, malignancy, and
				pregnancy.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Nervous System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>