<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Shoulder Muscles</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Shoulder Muscles">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Shoulder Muscles</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Shoulder Muscles" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Shoulder Muscles</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			
			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>

			<p class="textfl"> The <b>knee</b> is surrounded by a thin, fibrous capsule that is
				stabilized by the surrounding muscle attachments and intracapsular
				and extracapsular ligaments. Intracapsular ligaments include the
				anterior and posterior cruciate ligaments, medial and lateral menisci,
				and transverse ligament. Extracapsular ligaments include the medial
				and lateral collateral ligaments, patellar ligament, and arcuate and
				oblique popliteal ligaments. </p>
				
				<p class="text">Of the two cruciate ligaments, the <b>anterior cruciate</b> is the weaker
				and is most taut when the knee is fully extended, preventing
				hyperextension. It is usually torn in hyperextension with the tibia
				medially (internally) rotated. The <b>posterior cruciate</b> tightens most
				during flexion of the knee, preventing excessive anterior displacement of the femur on the tibia or excessive posterior displacement of
				the tibia on the femur. Both cruciate ligaments maintain some level
				of tautness during movements of the knee.</p>

				<p class="text">The <b>tibial collateral ligament</b> limits extension and abduction of the
				leg and is attached to the medial meniscus. The <b>fibular collateral
				ligament</b> limits extension and adduction of the leg.</p>	


			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">

				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>

				<p class="textfl"> <b>Rupture</b> of the tibial collateral ligament, which is attached to the medial meniscus, may <b>tear</b> the medial meniscus. The medial meniscus is larger than the lateral meniscus. <b>Sprains</b> of the knee ligaments are common in athletes and can
				involve stretching only, partial tearing, or complete rupture of the
				ligament, rendering the joint unstable.</p>
				</div>

			   <p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> /
				<span id="bookSubTitle">Skeletal System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>