<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Anterior Thoracic Wall: Internal View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Anterior Thoracic Wall: Internal View">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Anterior Thoracic Wall: Internal View</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Anterior Thoracic Wall: Internal View" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Anterior Thoracic Wall: Internal View</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin (superior attachment)</h3>
				<p class="textfl"><b> Internal intercostal muscles</b> arise
				from a ridge on the inner surface of the inferior aspect of each rib
				and from the corresponding costal cartilage.</p>
				
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion (inferior attachment)</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> Each muscle attaches to the upper
				border of the rib below its origin.</p>
				
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> The portions of the upper four or five internal intercostal muscles
				that interconnect with the costal cartilages may elevate the ribs. The
				more lateral and posterior portions of the muscles, where the fibers run
				more obliquely, depress the ribs and are active during expiration.</p>
				
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> Intercostal nerves.</p>
				
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>
				<p class="textfl"> In general, the fibers of the internal intercostals are roughly perpendicular to those of the external intercostal muscles. There are 11 pairs of internal intercostal muscles.
				</p>
				<p class="text">
				All of the intercostal muscles keep the intercostal spaces rigid, preventing them from bulging out during expiration and being drawn in during inspiration.</p>
					
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				   <p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>
				   <p class="textfl"> The intercostal muscles assist in respiration and can hypertrophy if a respiratory pathologic process develops (e.g., in a chronic obstructive pulmonary disease such as <b>asthma</b> or <b>emphysema</b>).</p>
				   <p class="text">
					An <b>intercostal nerve block</b> can be performed by injecting a local anesthetic in the intercostal space where it infiltrates the intercostal nerve (see 5 on image) and its collateral branches (4 on image).</p>
			</div>
			<p class="textfl">
				<b>Thorax</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			<!-- <p class="textfl">
			<b>Head and Neck</b> / Skeletal System<span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic">Atlas Plate 11
				<br/></span>
		    </p> -->		
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>