<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Salivary Glands</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Salivary Glands">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Salivary Glands</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Salivary Glands" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Salivary Glands</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>
				<p class="textfl">The <b>parotid gland</b> empties into the oral cavity via the
				parotid duct. The <b>submandibular gland</b> empties into the floor of the
				mouth via the submandibular duct, which lies beneath the oral
				mucosa in close relationship to the lingual nerve. The <b>sublingual
				salivary gland</b> opens through several small ducts beneath the
				anterior tongue.</p>
				<p class="text">The parotid gland is a totally serous gland, whereas the submandibular
				salivary gland is mostly serous and partially mucous. The sublingual
				salivary gland is almost completely mucous.</p>
				<p class="text">Minor salivary glands exist in the mucosa of the hard palate, cheeks,
				tongue, and lips.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
                 <p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>
				<p class="textfl" id="nomargin">Sometimes a small <b>calculus</b> (stone) can obstruct a parotid or submandibular salivary gland duct. Additionally, both glands may harbor a tumor, necessitating their resection. In the case of the parotid gland, great care must be taken by the surgeon to spare the terminal branches of the facial nerve, which passes through the parotid gland after its exit from the stylomastoid foramen.</p>
				<p class="text">Swelling of the parotid gland due to infection (e.g., <b>mumps</b>) may compress the branches of the facial nerve, producing facial muscle weakness.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Head and Neck</b> / Digestive System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>