<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Heart In Situ</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Heart In Situ">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Heart In Situ</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Heart In Situ" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Heart In Situ</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<b role="heading" aria-level="3">Comment: </b> The heart lies within the <b>middle mediastinum</b>, encased
				within a fibroserous sac called the pericardium. The outer layer of the
				pericardial sac is the fibrous pericardium, a strong, fibrous layer that
				blends with the roots of the great vessels. Serous pericardium
				consists of an underlying parietal layer lining the inner aspect of the
				fibrous pericardium and a visceral layer that reflects onto the heart as
				the <b>epicardium</b>.<br /><br />
				The <b>thymus</b>, often atrophied and imbued with fat in the adult,
				overlies the great vessels and superior portion of the pericardium. It
				is usually directly posterior to the manubrium of the sternum.<br /><br />
				This figure also shows the mediastinal, diaphragmatic, and costal
				portions of the parietal pleura.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p id="nomargin"><b role="heading" aria-level="3">Clinical:</b> The pericardial cavity is a potential space between the
				two serous layers and contains a thin film of serous lubricating fluid
				to reduce friction of the beating heart. Trauma to the heart or
				rupture of a vessel can lead to bleeding in the pericardial cavity,
				which compresses the heart and compromises its function. This
				condition is called <b>cardiac tamponade.</b><br /><br />
				<b>Pericarditis</b> is an infection of the pericardium usually caused by a
				virus, although bacteria and fungi are also causative agents.</p> 	
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Thorax</b> / Cardiovascular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>