<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Lateral View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Lateral View">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Lateral View</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Lateral View" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Muscles of Hip and Thigh: Lateral View</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin (proximal)</h3>
			<p class="textfl"><b> Tensor fasciae latae muscle</b> arises from the
			anterior superior iliac spine and the anterior portion of the iliac crest.</p>
			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion (distal)</h3>
			<p class="textfl"> As its name suggests, the tensor fasciae latae
			muscle inserts into the iliotibial tract. This strong tendinous tract
			inserts on the lateral condyle of the tibia.</p>
			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3>
			<p class="textfl"> The tensor fasciae latae muscle flexes, abducts, and medially
			rotates the thigh at the hip. With the assistance of the gluteus
			maximus, this muscle stabilizes the hip joint. The tensor fasciae latae
			also stabilizes the extended knee.</p>
			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3>
			<p class="textfl">Superior gluteal nerve (L5–S1).</p>
			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>
			<p class="textfl"> The chief action of the tensor fasciae latae is <b>hip flexion</b>. The muscle also acts with the gluteus maximus to control anteroposterior tilting of the pelvis when one leg supports all of the body&#x2019;s weight. Stabilization of the hip occurs because the muscle holds the femoral head in the acetabulum. The tensor fasciae latae also stabilizes the knee in extension.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph"><p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>
			<p class="textfl"> This muscle helps flex the thigh at the hip, assisting the iliopsoas complex and rectus femoris muscle. If the iliopsoas complex is paralyzed, the tensor fasciae latae can hypertrophy to compensate.</p> 
			<p class="text">The <b>iliotibial tract</b> (called &#x201c;band&#x201d; by most physicians) can become inflamed in runners where it crosses the lateral femoral condyle.</p></div>
			<p class="textfl">
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>