<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Muscles of Facial Expression: Lateral View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Muscles of Facial Expression: Lateral View">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Muscles of Facial Expression: Lateral View</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Muscles of Facial Expression: Lateral View" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Muscles of Facial Expression: Lateral View</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
						<div class="dialog_body">			
			
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin</h3>

				 <p class="textfl"><b>Buccinator</b> arises from the mandible, pterygomandibular raphe, and alveolar processes of the maxilla and mandible.</p>


				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">Buccinator attaches to the angle of the mouth.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">Contraction of the Buccinator presses the cheek against the molar teeth and aids in chewing. This muscle also can expel air from the mouth, as when a musician plays a woodwind or brass instrument.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">Terminal branches of the facial nerve; buccal branch.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">By pressing the cheek against the teeth, the buccinator holds food between the molars. When the muscle contracts too forcefully during chewing, the teeth bite the cheek.</p>

				<p class="text">The term <i>Buccinator</i> is Latin for &#x201c;trumpet player.&#x201d; This muscle may be well developed in a musician who plays a brass instrument. The buccinator is a muscle of facial expression.</p>

				<p class="text">Fibers of the Buccinator blend with other muscles around the mouth.</p>


						
			    <div class="commentParagraph">
                <p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>

               <p class="textfl">All of the muscles of facial expression are derived embryologically from the second pharyngeal (branchial) arch and are innervated by the terminal branches of the facial nerve (CN VII). Acute, unilateral facial palsy is the most common cause of facial muscle weakness and is called <b>Bell&#x2019;s palsy</b>. In Bell&#x2019;s palsy, paralysis of the Buccinator would result in an inability to ipsilaterally suck one&#x2019;s cheek inward.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Head and Neck</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>