<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="EN" xml:lang="en"><head><meta http-equiv="default-style" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/><title>Preface</title><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../Style/Elsevier_eBook.css"/><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../Style/synth.css"/><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="only screen" href="../../Style/media.css"/></head><body><span class="page-hidden" role="doc-pagebreak" aria-label="Page vi" id="pagebreak_vi">Page vi</span><section role="doc-preface" epub:type="preface"><a id="pre00001"/><div id="CN"></div><h1 class="fmtitle" epub:type="title" id="B9780443378157050013">Preface</h1><div class="para_fl" id="p0010">Congratulations! You have just purchased the most popular and comprehensive set of anatomy flash cards available. <i>Netter’s Anatomy Flash Cards</i> offer a unique learning resource to supplement the anatomy textbook, atlas, or dissection materials used in medical, dental, nursing, allied health, and undergraduate courses in human anatomy. This set of cards draws on the timeless medical illustrations of Frank H. Netter, MD, and includes not only the musculoskeletal system but also a review of important nerves, vessels, and visceral structures not commonly found in traditional flash card sets.</div><div class="para_indented" id="p0015">Each 4 × 6 full-color card details human anatomy as only Netter can. The set is organized regionally in accordance with Netter’s widely popular <i>Netter Atlas of Human Anatomy</i> (i.e., Head and Neck, Back and Spinal Cord, Thorax, Abdomen, Pelvis and Perineum, Upper Extremity, Lower Extremity). Within each region, cards are arranged sequentially as follows: Bones and Joints, Muscles, Nerves, Vessels, and Viscera. Body systems have been added to each card to allow you to easily reorganize the set for your learning preference. Because each section’s opening card is slightly taller, you can easily pull out an entire section of cards for study. In addition, a corner of each card is prepunched so that you can insert it on the enclosed metal ring to keep an entire section of cards in your preferred order.</div><div class="para_indented" id="p0020">Each card includes a <b>Comment</b> section, which provides relevant information about the structure(s) depicted on the front of the card, including detailed information on muscle origins, insertions, actions, and innervation. Most cards also contain a <b>Clinical</b> section that highlights the clinical relevance of the anatomy depicted on the front of the card. Bonus content is available online using the scratch-off PIN code on the first card. The online content includes over 300 <b>multiple-choice questions</b> to test your retention of the material. These cards offer an accurate and ready source of anatomic information in an easy-to-use and portable format.</div><div class="para_indented" id="p0025">Consensus regarding the specific anatomic details of such topics as muscle attachments or the range of motion of joints can vary considerably among anatomy textbooks. In fact, human anatomic variation is common and normal. Consequently, the anatomic detail provided on these cards represents commonly accepted information whenever possible. I am indebted to and wish to credit the following superb sources and their authors or editors:</div><div class="para_indented" id="p0030"><i>Gray’s Anatomy for Students</i>, 4th ed. Drake R, Vogl W, Mitchell A. Philadelphia, Elsevier, 2019.</div><div class="para_indented" id="p0035"><i>Gray’s Anatomy</i>, 42nd ed. Standring S. Philadelphia, Elsevier, 2020.</div><div class="para_indented" id="p0040"><i>Netter’s Clinical Anatomy</i>, 5th ed. Hansen JT. Philadelphia, Elsevier, 2022.</div><div class="para_indented" id="p0045"><i>Clinically Oriented Anatomy</i>, 9th ed. Moore KL, Dalley DR, Agur AMR. Philadelphia, Lippincott Williams &amp; Wilkins, 2022.</div><div class="para_indented" id="p0050"><i>Grant’s Atlas of Anatomy</i>, 15th ed. Agur AMR, Dalley AF. Philadelphia, Lippincott Williams &amp; Wilkins, 2020.</div><div class="para_indented" id="p0055">My hope is that the Netter Flash Cards will make learning more enjoyable and productive, and that the study of anatomy will inspire you with a sense of awe and respect for the human form.</div><div class="para_indented" id="p0060"><b>John T. Hansen, PhD</b></div><div class="para_indented" id="p0065">Professor Emeritus of Neuroscience</div><div class="para_indented" id="p0070">and former Schmitt Chair of Neurobiology and Anatomy</div><div class="para_indented" id="p0075">and Associate Dean for Admissions</div><div class="para_indented" id="p0080">University of Rochester Medical Center</div><div class="para_indented" id="p0085">Rochester, New York</div></section></body></html>