<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Shoulder Muscles</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Shoulder Muscles">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Shoulder Muscles</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Shoulder Muscles" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Shoulder Muscles</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">				
			    


			    <h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin (proximal)</h3>

			    <p class="textfl">The <b>supraspinatus muscle</b> occupies the 
				supraspinous fossa, originating from the medial two-thirds and arising 
				from the strong supraspinatus fascia. The <b>infraspinatus muscle</b>
				occupies most of the infraspinous fossa; it arises from the medial 
				two-thirds and from the infraspinatus fascia.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion (distal)</h3>


				 <p class="textfl">Fibers of the supraspinatus converge to form a 
				tendon that inserts into the superior facet on the greater tubercle of 
				the humerus. The infraspinatus fibers also converge to form a 
				tendon, which inserts into the middle facet on the greater tubercle of 
				the humerus. The tendons of the two muscles adhere to each other.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3>


				 <p class="textfl">The supraspinatus strengthens the shoulder joint by drawing 
				the humerus toward the glenoid fossa. With help from the deltoid, it 
				initiates abduction at the shoulder and is a lateral rotator of the 
				humerus (arm). The infraspinatus strengthens the shoulder joint by 
				bracing the head of the humerus in the glenoid fossa. It is also a 
				lateral rotator of the humerus.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3>


				 <p class="textfl">Both by the suprascapular nerve (C5 and C6).</p>

				<div class="commentParagraph">
                <p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>

                <p class="textfl">Repeated abduction and flexion of the shoulder (as in the throwing motion) may cause wear and tear on the tendons as they rub on the acromion and coracoacromial ligament. This action can lead to <b>rotator cuff tears</b> or ruptures. Calcific deposit in the affected tendon produces elevation that further aggravates inflammation and pain.</p> 


			</div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>