<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Muscles of Arm: Anterior View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Muscles of Arm: Anterior View">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Muscles of Arm: Anterior View</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Muscles of Arm: Anterior View" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Muscles of Arm: Anterior View</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin (proximal)</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">The <b>short head</b> of the <b>biceps brachii muscle</b>
				arises from the apex of the coracoid process of the scapula. The 
				<b>long head</b> of the <b>biceps brachii muscle</b> arises from the supraglenoid tubercle of the scapula.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion (distal)</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">Both muscle bellies of the biceps brachii muscle 
				join to form a flattened tendon that is inserted into the radial 
				tuberosity. Opposite the elbow, the tendon gives off a broad 
				aponeurosis from its medial side. This bicipital aponeurosis descends 
				medially to fuse with the deep fascia of the forearm.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">With the forearm partially flexed, the biceps brachii is a 
				powerful supinator of the forearm. It also is an important flexor of the 
				supinated forearm. It assists other muscles, although weakly, as a 
				flexor of the arm at the shoulder.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">Musculocutaneous nerve (C5 and C6).</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>

				 <p class="textfl">As its name implies, the biceps is a <b>fusiform muscle</b> that
				has two heads. Its insertion by the bicipital aponeurosis allows it to
				flex the elbow. The brachial artery supplies blood to this muscle.</p>
			
				
			   <div class="commentParagraph">
               <p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>


                  <p class="textfl">Tapping the biceps tendon elicits the <b>biceps tendon
				reflex</b>, testing spinal cord segments C5 and C6. The biceps is
				tested clinically by having a patient flex the supinated forearm
				against resistance and watching for the distinct contraction of the
				biceps in the anterior arm. This action also tests the integrity of the
				musculocutaneous nerve.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Upper Limb</b></span> /
				<span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>