<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Muscles of Leg: Posterior View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Muscles of Leg: Posterior View">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Muscles of Leg: Posterior View</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Muscles of Leg: Posterior View" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Muscles of Leg: Posterior View</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			
                <h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin (proximal)</h3> 


                <p class="textfl"><b>Gastrocnemius muscle</b> has two heads. The 
				lateral head arises from the lateral aspect of the lateral condyle of the 
				femur. The medial head arises from the posterior part of the medial 
				condyle and the popliteal surface of the femur above the medial 
				condyle.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion (distal)</h3> 


				<p class="textfl">The fibers of the gastrocnemius muscle unite to 
				form a tendinous raphe. The raphe expands into a broad aponeurosis 
				that unites with the tendon of the soleus and forms the calcaneal 
				tendon. The tendon attaches to the posterior surface of the 
				calcaneus.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3> 


				<p class="textfl">Gastrocnemius muscle plantarflexes the foot at the ankle, 
				flexes the leg at the knee, and raises the heel during walking.</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3> 


				<p class="textfl">Tibial nerve (S1–S2).</p>

				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3> 


				<p class="textfl">The gastrocnemius tendon blends with that of the soleus
				muscle to form the <b>calcaneal (Achilles) tendon.</b></p>	

			<div class="commentParagraph">
                <p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>


                <p class="textfl">One tests the gastrocnemius muscle clinically by having a
				supine patient extend the leg and plantarflex the foot against
				resistance. The muscle bellies in the calf should be obvious.</p>

			  <p class="text"><b>Tendinitis</b> of the calcaneal tendon is a painful inflammation that
				often occurs in runners who run on hills or uneven surfaces.
				Repetitive stress on the tendon occurs as the heel strikes the
				ground and when plantarflexion lifts the foot. <b>Rupture</b> of this
				tendon is a serious injury.</p></div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / 
				<span id="bookSubTitle">Muscular System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>