<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Nerves of Perineum: Male</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Nerves of Perineum: Male">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Nerves of Perineum: Male</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Nerves of Perineum: Male" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Nerves of Perineum: Male</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>
				 <p  class="textfl">The <b>pudendal nerve</b> and its branches innervate the skin
			    and skeletal muscles of the male (and female) perineum. The nerve
			    arises from anterior rami of S2, S3, and S4 spinal cord levels. After
			    emerging from the pudendal (Alcock) canal, the pudendal nerve
			    divides into inferior anal nerves, the perineal nerve, superficial and
			    deep branches of the perineal nerve (which also supply the scrotum),
			    and the dorsal nerve of the penis.</p>
			    <p  class="text"><b>Parasympathetic fibers</b> arise from the S2–S4 levels, travel in pelvic splanchnic nerves to the inferior hypogastric plexus and prostatic nerve plexus, and stimulate the release of nitric oxide from the nerve endings and endothelial cells of the erectile tissues, which relaxes smooth muscle tone and increases blood flow to permit erection.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>
				<p  class="textfl" id="nomargin"> 
			    <b>Erectile dysfunction</b> is the inability to achieve or maintain penile erection sufficient for sexual intercourse. Nitric oxide released by the pelvic splanchnic parasympathetic nerve fibers and endothelial cells normally causes the dilation of the arteries supplying blood to the erectile tissues. When this mechanism is compromised, erectile dysfunction results. Drugs that are used to treat this disorder aid smooth muscle relaxation by augmenting the action of nitric oxide.</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Pelvis and Perineum</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Nervous System</span>
				<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>