<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Muscles of Neck: Anterior View</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Muscles of Neck: Anterior View">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Muscles of Neck: Anterior View</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Muscles of Neck: Anterior View" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Muscles of Neck: Anterior View</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Origin (Inferior Attachment)</h3>	
				<p class="textfl">The <b>sternocleidomastoid muscle</b> has two heads of origin. The sternal head arises from the anterior surface of the manubrium of the sternum. The clavicular head arises from the superior surface of the medial third of the clavicle.</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Insertion (Superior Attachment)</h3>
				 <p class="textfl">Sternocleidomastoid muscle attaches to the lateral surface of the mastoid process of the temporal bone and the lateral half of the superior nuchal line.</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Action</h3>
				
				<p class="textfl">Sternocleidomastoid muscle tilts the head to one side, flexes the neck, and rotates the neck so the face points superiorly to the opposite side. When the muscles of both sides act together, they flex the neck.</p>
				<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Innervation</h3>
				 <p class="textfl">Accessory nerve (CN XI and C2 and C3).</p>
				 <h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>
				 <p class="textfl">When the head is fixed during <b>forced inspiration</b>, the two
				sternocleidomastoid muscles acting together can help elevate the
				thorax. The sternocleidomastoid is one of two muscles innervated by
				the accessory nerve. Although the accessory nerve is classified as a
				cranial nerve, it does not possess any fibers originating from the
				brainstem. Its nerve fibers originate in the upper cervical spinal cord,
				so its classification as a &#x201c;true&#x201d; cranial nerve is problematic.
			</p>			
			<div class="commentParagraph">
				<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>
				<p class="textfl" id="nomargin">The sternocleidomastoid (SCM) is innervated by the
				accessory nerve (CN XI). This nerve is susceptible to injury where it
				crosses the posterior cervical triangle between the SCM muscle
				and the trapezius muscle. CN XI innervates both of these muscles.</p>
				<p class="text"><b>Congenital torticollis</b> is a contraction of the SCM that can result
				from a fibrous tissue tumor that develops in the muscle (wry neck).
				A twisting of the neck occurs such that the head is tilted toward
				the lesioned side (ipsilaterally) and the face is turned contralaterally.
				<b>Spasmodic torticollis</b> occurs more commonly in adults and can
				affect the SCM or several other cervical muscles.
			</p>
			</div>
			<p>
				<b>Head and Neck</b> / Muscular System<!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>