<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>Lumbar Plexus</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/jquery-ui.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../activity-main/style/style.css" />
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/jquery-ui.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/main.js"></script>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="../../activity-main/js/scale.js"></script>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
</head>

<body class="vst-click vst-draggable">
	<div class='h-hotspot' role="main" aria-label="Lumbar Plexus">
		<div style="margin-top:10px">
			<div class="title-wrap">
				<h2 class="titleContainer">Lumbar Plexus</h2>
				<button class="button commentButton">Commentary</button>
			</div>
			<div class="interactive-wrapper" style="width:100%; border:0;">
				<iframe src="activityframe.xhtml" title="Lumbar Plexus" 
				height="860" style="width:100%; border: none;" tabindex="0"></iframe>
			</div>
			
			<div class="modalbg openModal" aria-hidden="true">
				<div class="dialog" role="dialog" aria-modal="true" aria-labelledby="dialogTitle">
					<button id="dialogClose" title="Close" aria-label="close comment dialog" class="close"><span
						aria-hidden="true">X</span></button>
					<h2 id="dialogTitle">Lumbar Plexus</h2>
					<hr aria-hidden="true" />
					<div class="dialog_body">			
			<h3 class="h2hd commentHeading">Comment</h3>
			<p class="textfl"> Nerves of the <b>lumbar plexus</b> arise from the anterior rami of L1–L4. These nerves, along with the subcostal nerve (T12),
			innervate the muscles of the lower trunk and send branches to
			muscles of the anterior and medial compartments of the thigh
			(femoral and obturator nerves, respectively).</p>
			<p class="text">The femoral nerve arises from L2, L3, and L4 and innervates the
			extensors of the knee. Likewise, the obturator nerve arises from L2,
			L3, and L4. In the thigh, it innervates the medial compartment
			muscles, which are adductors of the hip.</p>
			<p class="text">Similar to the cervical plexus (C1–C4) and the brachial plexus (C5–T1),
			the lumbar plexus is a <b>somatic nerve plexus</b> that innervates skeletal
			muscles and conveys sensation from the skin, muscles, and joints.
			Similar to all somatic nerves, <b>postganglionic sympathetic fibers</b> of
			the autonomic nervous system also travel within these nerves and
			innervate vasomotor smooth muscle and the arrector pili smooth
			muscle associated with the hair follicles in the skin and sweat glands.</p>			
			<div id="clinicalText" class="commentParagraph">
			<p class="clinicalHeading">Clinical</p>
			<p class="textfl"> Muscles of the lower limb, like those of the upper limb,
			are derived from multiple segmental myotomes and therefore
			receive their innervation from several spinal cord levels. The nerves
			innervating these muscles are all derived from anterior rami of the
			respective spinal nerves.</p></div>
			<p class="textfl">
				<span id="bookTitle"><b>Lower Limb</b></span> / <span id="bookSubTitle">Nervous System</span><!-- <span style="float:right;text-align: right;font-style:italic" id="extraTitle"><i>Atlas Plate 11</i></span> -->
			</p>
			</div>


					</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>

</html>